aahe: aahed
aahi: aahing
aahs: aahs
liis: aaliis
aarg: aargh
rghh: aarrghh
aaru: aaru
bdeh: ababdeh
adej: abadejo
basg: abasgi
abav: abave
bbay: abbaye
bbev: abbevillian
bbog: abbogada
botn: abbotnullius
otnu: abbotnullius
tnul: abbotnullius
bboz: abbozzo
abce: abcess
bces: abcess
abci: abcissa
bdes: abdest
elmu: abelmusk
abep: abepithymia
rduv: aberduvine
isek: abhiseka
bhom: abhominable
bieg: abiegh
biez: abiezer
abip: abipon
blaq: ablaqueate
bluv: abluvion
bnak: abnaki
abnu: abnumerable
udik: aboudikro
dikr: aboudikro
euvo: abreuvoir
uvoi: abreuvoir
bsee: absee
absf: absfarad
bsfa: absfarad
absy: absyrtus
bsyr: absyrtus
absm: absmho
bsmh: absmho
smho: absmho
bsoh: absohm
sohm: absohm
orbt: absorbtion
rbti: absorbtion
btio: absorbtion
absv: absvolt
bsvo: absvolt
abte: abterminal
abtr: abtruse
ulye: abulyeit
bozu: aburabozu
bwab: abwab
iuso: accessoriusorii
cipt: accipter
cclo: accloy
ccoa: accoast
ditm: accreditment
ccts: accts
ccue: accueil
cuso: accusor
cedy: acedy
uiad: acequiador
cetb: acetbromamide
ylbi: acetylbiuret
lbiu: acetylbiuret
ylce: acetylcellulose
ylcy: acetylcyanide
tylf: acetylfluoride
ylfl: acetylfluoride
lflu: acetylfluoride
tylh: acetylhydrazine
tylr: acetylrosaniline
ylro: acetylrosaniline
lros: acetylrosaniline
ylta: acetyltannin
cetm: acetmethylanilide
hakz: achakzai
hluo: achluophobia
omaw: achomawi
hteh: achtehalber
cidp: acidproof
cmat: acmatic
cmis: acmispon
cmit: acmite
cned: acned
cnef: acneform
cnei: acneiform
uasm: acouasm
ouom: acouometer
ouop: acouophonia
acpt: acpt
scem: acquiescement
cquo: acquophonia
siea: acrasieae
obys: acrobystitis
actg: actg
ctut: actutate
cuae: acuaesthesia
cucl: acuclosure
uclo: acuclosure
cudu: acuductor
acxo: acxoyatl
cxoy: acxoyatl
xoya: acxoyatl
yatl: acxoyatl
dagy: adagy
damh: adamhood
daty: adaty
awlu: adawlut
wlut: adawlut
adaz: adazzle
addd: addda
ddda: addda
ddeb: addebted
ddim: addiment
ddnl: addnl
delg: adelges
deui: adeuism
euis: adeuism
dfec: adfected
dfix: adfix
adgl: adglutinate
dhoc: adhocracy
dinv: adinvention
dytt: adytta
jige: adjiger
adjt: adjt
djug: adjugate
dlay: adlay
dmax: admaxillary
dmer: admerveylle
veyl: admerveylle
admr: admrx
dmrx: admrx
dneu: adneural
adoz: adoze
dpao: adpao
dsce: adscendent
dtev: adtevac
dveh: advehent
visy: advisy
dvit: advitant
ocaa: advocaat
dvoy: advoyer
dvok: advoke
dvol: advolution
dvot: advoteresse
wsan: advowsance
advt: advt
wesc: adwesch
dzes: adzes
degi: aedegi
doeo: aedoeology
oeol: aedoeology
gicr: aegicrania
aeip: aeipathy
eolh: aeolharmonica
lskl: aeolsklavier
epyc: aepyceros
oyac: aeroyacht
afai: afaint
afde: afdecho
fdec: afdecho
fyda: affydavy
ydav: affydavy
afft: afft
afgo: afgod
fgod: afgod
afif: afifi
fiko: afikomen
ikaa: afrikaans
kaan: afrikaans
aans: afrikaans
rfut: afterfuture
fwil: afwillite
afze: afzelia
fzel: afzelia
agaw: agawam
agcy: agcy
hlab: aghlabite
gyie: agyieus
yieu: agyieus
gyio: agyiomania
yiom: agyiomania
gilm: agilmente
itpu: agitpunkt
tpun: agitpunkt
agki: agkistrodon
gkis: agkistrodon
laoz: aglaozonia
aozo: aglaozonia
noio: agnoiology
oiol: agnoiology
agoh: agoho
mmap: agrammaphasia
myza: agromyza
agtb: agtbasic
gtba: agtbasic
agud: agudist
gudi: agudist
agug: aguglia
aguj: agujon
gujo: agujon
ahaa: ahaaina
haai: ahaaina
huyu: ahantchuyuk
ahch: ahchoo
hcho: ahchoo
ahey: ahey
tokl: ahepatokla
ahet: ahet
msas: ahimsas
ahir: ahir
hluw: ahluwalia
luwa: ahluwalia
uwal: ahluwalia
ahnf: ahnfeltia
hnfe: ahnfeltia
ahoy: ahoy
usah: ahousaht
dahr: ahrendahronon
ahro: ahrendahronon
ahsa: ahsan
ahuu: ahuula
huul: ahuula
uula: ahuula
ahuc: ayahuca
aiaw: aiawong
iawo: aiawong
aidf: aidful
idfu: aidful
ayeg: ayegreen
ayel: ayelp
yenb: ayenbite
guie: aiguiere
ayyu: ayyubid
yyub: ayyubid
ikuc: aikuchi
ilsy: ailsyte
lsyt: ailsyte
imee: aimee
aimw: aimworthiness
irph: airphobia
ayrs: ayrshire
ssao: aissaoua
saou: aissaoua
aitk: aitkenite
utak: aitutakian
ayud: ayudante
yuda: ayudante
ayuy: ayuyu
yuyu: ayuyu
aivr: aivr
aywh: aywhere
aizl: aizle
ajaj: ajaja
ajat: ajatasatru
ajax: ajax
jenj: ajenjo
ajha: ajhar
jime: ajimez
imez: ajimez
ajit: ajitter
jonj: ajonjoli
ajut: ajutment
jutm: ajutment
akaa: akaakai
kaak: akaakai
aaka: akaakai
mnik: akamnik
neku: akanekunik
unik: akanekunik
azga: akazga
keak: akeake
keki: akeki
akhy: akhyana
khla: akhlame
akhr: akhrot
khro: akhrot
undz: akhundzada
dzad: akhundzada
iyen: akiyenik
akmi: akmite
kmit: akmite
akno: aknow
akpe: akpek
kpek: akpek
akre: akre
akrt: akrteria
krte: akrteria
aihi: alaihi
amiq: alamiqui
lbah: albahaca
basp: albaspidin
ertt: alberttype
rtty: alberttype
spyn: albespyne
lbet: albetad
lbia: albian
alby: albyn
lbyn: albyn
lbio: albion
albs: albs
niiz: albumeniizer
iize: albumeniizer
lbuq: albuquerque
buqu: albuquerque
uerq: albuquerque
lcaa: alcaaba
lcab: alcabala
azav: alcazava
alcm: alcmene
lcme: alcmene
lcoo: alcoothionic
rnoq: alcornoque
lcui: alcuinian
ldei: aldeia
ldok: aldoketene
lecs: alecs
lefn: alefnull
efnu: alefnull
fnul: alefnull
lefz: alefzero
efze: alefzero
fzer: alefzero
alej: alejandro
lekn: aleknight
ephz: alephzero
phze: alephzero
eppo: aleppo
ptei: alethopteis
xipy: alexipyretic
xius: alexius
alez: alezan
leza: alezan
lfaj: alfaje
lfet: alfet
gaec: algaecide
rsyf: algarsyf
lgaz: algazel
lgef: algefacient
gieb: algieba
lgio: algiomuscular
lgiv: algivorous
lgoc: algocyan
lgog: algogenic
uazi: alguazil
lhac: alhacena
lhet: alhet
bamu: alibamu
iyos: aliyos
liip: aliipoe
ypum: alypum
uots: aliquots
liun: aliunde
ljob: aljoba
ljof: aljofaina
jofa: aljofaina
edav: alkedavy
lkek: alkekengi
lkid: alkide
kide: alkide
kyds: alkyds
kyls: alkyls
kitr: alkitran
lkoo: alkool
oinu: allantoinuria
oxai: allantoxaidin
xaid: allantoxaidin
lelv: allelvia
llez: allez
lyic: allyic
lylt: allylthiourea
lyou: allyou
octh: allocthonous
oiog: alloiogenesis
rhyh: allorrhyhmia
hyhm: allorrhyhmia
yhmi: allorrhyhmia
ltud: alltud
cigo: almacigo
mehs: almehs
riit: almeriite
lmid: almida
lmiq: almique
ogav: almogavar
lmsd: almsdeed
msde: almsdeed
msfo: almsfolk
msmo: almsmoney
lmue: almuerzo
uerz: almuerzo
mury: almury
lnil: alnilam
lnir: alniresinol
lniv: alniviridol
lnoi: alnoite
lnui: alnuin
lnus: alnus
oesw: aloeswood
loew: aloewood
siit: aloisiite
lonz: alonzo
ekai: alopekai
lpax: alpax
ratz: alpheratz
pieu: alpieu
lpuj: alpujarra
lrau: alraun
alsb: alsbachite
smek: alsmekill
lsoo: alsoon
lswe: alsweill
swei: alsweill
lswi: alswith
ltaz: altazimuth
lveu: alveus
alzh: alzheimer
lzhe: alzheimer
zhei: alzheimer
maas: amaas
maet: amaethon
amaf: amafingo
mbip: ambiparous
lyap: amblyaphia
blyd: amblydactyla
blyr: amblyrhynchus
mcho: amchoor
amdt: amdt
meen: ameen
meiv: ameiva
ystl: amethystlike
mher: amherstite
amhr: amhran
mhra: amhran
gdop: amygdophenin
myou: amyous
tabh: amitabha
amyt: amytal
amix: amixia
mlac: amlacra
mlon: amlong
mmio: ammiolite
mmir: ammiral
nioj: ammoniojarosite
ioja: ammoniojarosite
nioa: amnioallantoic
moby: amobyr
obyr: amobyr
moib: amoibite
oibi: amoibite
orua: amorua
amow: amowt
apny: ampelograpny
clex: ampheclexis
mpyc: ampyces
mtma: amtman
mtme: amtmen
uchc: amuchco
muei: amueixa
ueix: amueixa
eixa: amueixa
usgo: amusgo
muze: amuze
amvi: amvis
mvis: amvis
adyo: anadyomene
dyom: anadyomene
ahao: anahao
nakr: anakrousis
ktor: anaktoron
lgiz: analgize
ytiq: analytique
gice: analogice
nany: ananym
tyxe: anaptyxes
asaz: anasazi
ifae: anatifae
hovy: anchovy
crao: ancraophobia
aoph: ancraophobia
ndhr: andhra
wsit: andrewsite
oclc: androclclinia
ezeh: anezeh
geyo: angeyok
kkok: angekkok
geko: angekok
ekok: angekok
geku: angekut
ngkh: angkhak
gkha: angkhak
edoz: angledozer
gsts: angsts
gwic: angwich
ouid: anhalouidine
anib: aniba
anyh: anyhow
soic: anisoiconia
nyti: anytime
ywhy: anywhy
ywit: anywither
nkhs: ankhs
kylu: ankylurethria
nkyr: ankyroid
klej: anklejack
nklu: anklung
nexm: annexment
noym: annoyment
xysc: anoxyscope
ntbi: antbird
efeb: antefebrile
tehy: antehypophysis
tehi: antehistoric
teje: antejentacular
ejen: antejentacular
rioy: anterioyancer
ioya: anterioyancer
nanu: antesignanus
tevo: antevocalic
nthd: anthdia
thdi: anthdia
hemw: anthemwise
okya: anthokyan
adiq: anthradiquinone
aruf: anthrarufin
ohop: anthrohopobiological
opoz: anthropozoic
ntht: anththeridia
iadm: antiadministration
iaes: antiaesthetic
tiai: antiaircraft
iamu: antiamusement
ianx: antianxiety
tiaq: antiaquatic
ibig: antibigotry
ibox: antiboxing
ibug: antibug
icln: anticlnoria
clno: anticlnoria
idru: antidrug
tiey: antieyestrain
tiej: antiejaculation
ieja: antiejaculation
tieu: antieugenic
ifir: antifire
igug: antiguggler
ihid: antihidrotic
ihyl: antihylist
ihuf: antihuff
ihun: antihunting
ntij: antijam
tija: antijam
nsiu: antimensium
tioz: antiozonant
yics: antipyics
ipyo: antipyonin
tipn: antipneumococcic
quum: antiquum
irum: antirumor
iteg: antitegula
titw: antitwilight
tiua: antiuating
iuat: antiuating
iusu: antiusurious
iwed: antiwedge
ntix: antixerophthalmic
antp: antproof
antt: antthrush
ntth: antthrush
nusv: anusvara
usva: anusvara
aogi: aogiri
aoif: aoife
aosm: aosmic
aotu: aotus
pabh: apabhramsa
abhr: apabhramsa
bhra: apabhramsa
astt: apasttra
dlio: aphidlion
slio: aphislion
hriz: aphrizite
oect: apicoectomy
apyo: apyonin
apip: apiphobia
apjo: apjohnite
pjoh: apjohnite
poat: apoatropine
haln: apocryphalness
odix: apodixis
gaic: apogaic
apoj: apojove
pojo: apojove
ojov: apojove
ytik: apolytikion
enpt: apopenptic
npti: apopenptic
hyee: apophyeeal
yeea: apophyeeal
rhao: aporrhaoid
haoi: aporrhaoid
aoid: aporrhaoid
hieg: aporrhiegma
thgm: apothgm
xyom: apoxyomenos
pozy: apozymase
ppay: appay
appd: appd
penz: appenzell
ejoh: applejohn
appm: appmt
ppmt: appmt
appp: apppetible
pppe: apppetible
pptd: apptd
ppui: appui
ryge: apteryges
uafe: aquafer
uagr: aquagreen
uaph: aquaphobia
ueog: aqueoglacial
ueoi: aqueoigneous
eoig: aqueoigneous
ueom: aqueomercurial
uicl: aquiclude
iclu: aquiclude
uifu: aquifuge
iaep: araliaephyllum
nzad: aranzada
quaj: araquaju
uaju: araquaju
rauj: araujia
ujia: araujia
arbt: arbtrn
rbtr: arbtrn
btrn: arbtrn
arcb: arcboutant
rcbo: arcboutant
cbou: arcboutant
arcf: arcform
rcfo: arcform
cfor: arcform
hbuf: archbuffoon
hchr: archchronicler
chci: archcity
hcit: archcity
hcoz: archcozener
chcu: archcupbearer
hdec: archdeceiver
hdef: archdefender
hdem: archdemon
hdep: archdepredator
hdes: archdespot
hdet: archdetective
hdev: archdevil
hdip: archdiplomatist
hdiv: archdivine
hdol: archdolt
hdru: archdruid
hdux: archduxe
heoz: archeozoic
esps: archespsporia
hfoe: archfoe
hfou: archfounder
hfri: archfriend
hgen: archgenethliac
hgod: archgod
hgom: archgomeral
hgov: archgovernor
hhos: archhost
hhum: archhumbug
hihe: archiheretical
imim: archimime
rchj: archjockey
chjo: archjockey
hjoc: archjockey
chkn: archknave
hkna: archknave
hlex: archlexicographer
hlut: archlute
hmil: archmilitarist
chmy: archmystagogue
hmys: archmystagogue
hmug: archmugwump
hpal: archpall
hpap: archpapist
hphy: archphylarch
hpir: archpirate
hplo: archplotter
hpoe: archpoet
hpra: archpractice
hpub: archpublican
hreg: archregent
hsat: archsatrap
hsed: archseducer
hsew: archsewer
chsy: archsynagogue
hsyn: archsynagogue
chsn: archsnob
hsno: archsnob
hspy: archspy
hspi: archspirit
chsw: archswindler
hswi: archswindler
htem: archtempter
htyr: archtyrant
chtu: archturncoat
hvag: archvagabond
hves: archvestryman
hwag: archwag
rcke: arcked
rdui: arduinite
arfv: arfvedsonite
rfve: arfvedsonite
fved: arfvedsonite
ntoj: argentojarosite
toja: argentojarosite
gynn: argynnis
yryt: argyrythrose
ufyi: argufying
haua: arhauaco
auac: arhauaco
ianr: arianrhod
anrh: arianrhod
nrho: arianrhod
rybb: arybballi
ybba: arybballi
ioia: arioian
totl: aristotle
vaip: arivaipa
arju: arjun
rkwr: arkwright
rmga: armgaunt
mgau: armgaunt
rmgu: armguard
mgua: armguard
rmpa: armpad
rmra: armrack
mscy: armscye
rmsf: armsful
rmsi: armsize
ynts: aroynts
foux: arquifoux
etez: arretez
rrgt: arrgt
oyue: arroyuelo
yuel: arroyuelo
rroj: arrojadite
ojad: arrojadite
rrte: arrtez
seny: arsenyl
rsyv: arsyversy
syve: arsyversy
artc: artcraft
rtgu: artgum
tgum: artgum
tmob: artmobile
rvej: arvejon
rzav: arzava
rzaw: arzawa
zawa: arzawa
arzr: arzrunite
rzru: arzrunite
zrun: arzrunite
rzun: arzun
sarh: asarh
sceb: ascebc
cebc: ascebc
scyr: ascyrum
citb: ascitb
itii: ascriptitii
asfa: asfast
sfet: asfetida
asgd: asgd
asgm: asgmt
sgmt: asgmt
hcak: ashcake
hkok: ashkoko
asyz: asyzygetic
kewg: askewgee
ewge: askewgee
wgee: askewgee
skoy: askoye
askr: askr
aslu: aslumber
asno: asnort
agyl: asparagyl
aspc: aspca
spca: aspca
hyxy: asphyxy
spiq: aspiquee
sahy: assahy
sbaa: assbaa
siet: assiette
nnsh: assmannshauser
oilz: assoilzie
ssse: asssembler
uaga: assuagable
suef: assuefaction
akiw: astakiwi
erix: asterixis
aryu: astrocaryum
abek: atabek
axap: ataxaphasia
xiap: ataxiaphasia
emoy: atemoya
eteh: athletehood
dyds: athodyds
ikok: atikokania
lasl: atlaslike
doax: atloidoaxoid
tmop: atmophile
tnah: atnah
lgit: attapulgite
ttnt: attntrp
tntr: attntrp
ntrp: attntrp
upem: attroupement
atve: atveen
tvee: atveen
ioem: audioemission
aufa: aufait
ufai: aufait
aufg: aufgabe
ufga: aufgabe
fgab: aufgabe
aufk: aufklarung
ufkl: aufklarung
fkla: aufklarung
auft: auftakt
auhu: auhuhu
uhuh: auhuhu
huhu: auhuhu
uldf: auldfarrantlike
aumm: aummbulatory
ummb: aummbulatory
mmbu: aummbulatory
aunj: aunjetitz
jeti: aunjetitz
titz: aunjetitz
ilav: aurilave
ipig: auripigment
hses: aurochses
aurr: aurrescu
ausg: ausgespielt
usge: ausgespielt
gesp: ausgespielt
tafr: austafrican
tecy: autecy
hnen: autobahnen
ahns: autobahns
ocoh: autocoherer
ocue: autocue
toex: autoexcitation
toig: autoignition
toji: autojigger
omow: automower
uxam: auxamylase
xamy: auxamylase
xese: auxeses
uxim: auximone
xoac: auxoaction
xoam: auxoamylase
xobo: auxobody
uxoh: auxohormone
xoho: auxohormone
uxol: auxology
xosu: auxosubstance
vadh: avadhuta
vany: avanyu
ntga: avantgarde
avdp: avdp
rhoa: averrhoa
truz: avestruz
aveu: aveugle
vyay: avyayibhava
yayi: avyayibhava
ayib: avyayibhava
yibh: avyayibhava
ibha: avyayibhava
vijj: avijja
viko: avikom
oidm: avoidment
oird: avoirdupois
avok: avoke
voue: avoue
vowt: avowter
avsh: avshar
vsha: avshar
awac: awacs
awad: awadhi
wadh: awadhi
awaf: awaft
tlal: awaitlala
awap: awapuhi
wapu: awapuhi
apuh: awapuhi
puhi: awapuhi
awav: awave
awet: aweto
weto: aweto
awig: awiggle
awiw: awiwi
awmb: awmbrie
wmbr: awmbrie
wols: awols
awun: awunctive
wunc: awunctive
axbr: axbreaker
xbre: axbreaker
axeb: axebreaker
xebr: axebreaker
axfe: axfetch
xifu: axifugal
xiop: axiopisty
axmi: axminster
xmin: axminster
axof: axofugal
xofu: axofugal
axog: axogamy
axst: axstone
xsto: axstone
axtr: axtree
xumi: axumite
axun: axunge
zase: azaserine
zath: azathioprine
azaz: azazel
zelf: azelfafage
lfaf: azelfafage
zido: azido
zilu: azilut
zinp: azinphosmethyl
ziol: aziola
azla: azlactone
zoba: azobacter
zobl: azoblack
zoeo: azoeosin
zoer: azoerythrin
zofy: azofy
zohu: azohumic
zopr: azoprotein
zoru: azorubine
zove: azovernine
zoxo: azoxonium
azra: azrael
zrae: azrael
azth: azthionium
zulm: azulmic
zury: azury
zurm: azurmalachite
zuro: azurous
baae: baaed
aaed: baaed
baah: baahling
aahl: baahling
baai: baaing
aala: baalath
babc: babcock
abeh: babehood
babh: babhan
abyd: babydom
bydo: babydom
abyf: babyfied
byfi: babyfied
abyo: babyolatry
byol: babyolatry
bkas: babkas
bloh: babloh
boen: baboen
abud: babudom
caua: bacauan
bacb: bacbakiri
acba: bacbakiri
cbak: bacbakiri
accy: baccy
llla: baccillla
kcom: backcomb
kdoo: backdoor
kfra: backframe
ckge: backgeared
kgea: backgeared
khee: backheel
kjoi: backjoint
klid: backliding
klit: backlit
krun: backrun
ksig: backsight
ktri: backtrick
bacq: bacquet
ioag: bacterioagglutinin
badc: badchan
dgir: badgir
badh: badhan
badr: badrans
aduh: baduhenna
duhe: baduhenna
uhen: baduhenna
bael: bael
etzn: baetzner
tzne: baetzner
zner: baetzner
bafa: bafaro
bafy: bafyot
afyo: bafyot
fyot: bafyot
ggyr: baggyrinkle
ggyw: baggywrinkle
gywr: baggywrinkle
aghd: baghdad
girm: bagirmi
agpl: bagplant
agpu: bagpudding
gpud: bagpudding
agsf: bagsful
bagt: bagtikan
gtik: bagtikan
agwy: bagwyn
bahe: bahera
ahia: bahiaite
iait: bahiaite
ahnu: bahnung
hnun: bahnung
ahts: bahts
baia: baianism
bayc: baycuru
idak: baidak
baie: baiera
bayg: baygall
bayh: bayhead
ayld: bayldonite
bayn: bayness
ayok: bayok
irnw: bairnwort
isak: baisakh
aitf: baitfish
bayz: bayz
ajad: bajada
jada: bajada
ajau: bajau
jocc: bajocco
joci: bajocian
joir: bajoire
ajre: bajree
jree: bajree
ajri: bajri
ajul: bajulate
ersf: bakersfield
rsfi: bakersfield
bakr: bakra
bakt: baktun
ktun: baktun
akub: bakuba
bakw: bakwiri
kwir: bakwiri
lawu: balawu
ldak: baldakin
ldaq: baldaquin
aldc: baldcrown
ldoq: baldoquin
ricw: baldricwise
icwi: baldricwise
cwis: baldricwise
ibag: balibago
alij: balija
uspl: ballhausplatz
lywr: ballywrack
ywra: ballywrack
llsy: ballsy
caan: balmacaan
mawh: balmawhapple
lnib: balnibarbi
samr: balsamroot
samw: balsamweed
lsas: balsas
sawo: balsawood
balw: balwarra
lzac: balzacian
dgap: bandgap
ndhu: bandhu
banf: banff
anff: banff
gwak: bangwaketsi
nyai: banyai
aniy: baniya
nyul: banyuls
yuls: banyuls
aniw: baniwa
njoe: banjoes
njuk: banjuke
njul: banjulele
nkri: bankrider
rupc: bankrupcy
upcy: bankrupcy
ptci: bankruptcies
ptli: bankruptlike
nerf: bannerfish
anuy: banuyo
nuyo: banuyo
banx: banxring
anxr: banxring
nxri: banxring
xrin: banxring
zais: banzais
imao: barbatimao
eyac: barbeyaceae
arff: barff
yeco: baryecoia
coia: baryecoia
aryg: baryglossia
rygl: baryglossia
rysp: barysphere
arkc: barkcutter
rkcu: barkcutter
rmbr: barmbrack
rmyb: barmybrained
mybr: barmybrained
armk: barmkin
rmki: barmkin
rmsk: barmskin
naby: barnaby
arnh: barnhardtite
duki: baronduki
barp: barpost
rabk: barrabkie
abki: barrabkie
bkie: barrabkie
mewt: bartholomewtide
ewti: bartholomewtide
ukhz: barukhzy
khzy: barukhzy
hkir: bashkir
lyks: bashlyks
shmu: bashmuric
sifu: basifugal
sigy: basigynium
ihyo: basihyoid
silw: basilweed
sirh: basirhinal
tnae: bastnaesite
ataa: bataan
taan: bataan
ybic: bathybic
ybiu: bathybius
hycu: bathycurrent
ylim: bathylimnetic
thko: bathkol
hkol: bathkol
athv: bathvillite
baty: batyphone
atuq: batuque
bauf: baufrey
aumh: baumhauerite
mhau: baumhauerite
autt: bautta
viaa: baviaantje
aant: baviaantje
ntje: baviaantje
bavo: bavoso
voso: bavoso
awbl: bawble
wble: bawble
wdsh: bawdship
bawh: bawhorse
bawk: bawke
awra: bawra
wsun: bawsunt
awty: bawty
azig: bazigar
bazz: bazzite
bbls: bbls
bchs: bchs
bdft: bdft
bdle: bdle
bdls: bdls
bdrm: bdrm
achd: beachdrops
hfro: beachfront
hwea: beachwear
ltui: bealtuinn
beap: beaproned
astd: beastdom
ufet: beaufet
aufo: beaufort
ufor: beaufort
eauj: beaujolais
aujo: beaujolais
ujol: beaujolais
jola: beaujolais
utyd: beautydom
utih: beautihood
ebiz: bebization
becq: becquerelite
ecuf: becuffed
cuib: becuiba
edfl: bedflower
dgoe: bedgoer
bedk: bedkey
edke: bedkey
edoy: bedoyo
dpad: bedpad
edsw: bedswerver
eduk: beduke
beea: beearn
beeg: beegerite
eekm: beekmantown
rbib: beerbibber
tewk: beetewk
efez: befezzed
efop: befop
efum: befume
begh: beghard
egsh: beglerbegship
egst: begster
ehig: behight
ehym: behymn
behn: behn
beic: beice
beid: beid
beyd: beydom
eigy: beigy
einn: beinness
beyr: beyrichite
irut: beirut
ejad: bejade
ejap: bejape
ejau: bejaundice
ejez: bejezebel
beji: bejig
ejuc: bejuco
juco: bejuco
bekk: bekko
ekna: beknave
mcan: belamcanda
lduq: belduque
duqu: belduque
lgiu: belgium
elkn: belknap
lkna: belknap
lleh: bellehood
owsf: bellowsful
lwav: bellwaver
wdec: belowdecks
lsir: belsire
eltc: beltcourse
ltco: beltcourse
buth: belzebuth
emaz: bemazed
mbex: bembex
emoo: bemoon
emuf: bemuffle
benb: benben
ciai: beneficiaire
enjy: benjy
enku: benkulen
benm: benmost
ncks: bentincks
benv: benvenuto
zacr: benzacridine
zalh: benzalhydrazine
zazo: benzazole
enzb: benzbitriazole
nzbi: benzbitriazole
zbit: benzbitriazole
zdia: benzdiazine
zdif: benzdifuran
ioxd: benzdioxdiazine
ioxt: benzdioxtriazine
zedr: benzedrine
nzei: benzein
neaz: benzeneazobenzene
eazo: benzeneazobenzene
zyla: benzylamine
zylp: benzylpenicillin
zyls: benzyls
zoaz: benzoazurine
oazu: benzoazurine
nzob: benzobis
nzoh: benzohydrol
oylf: benzoylformic
oyls: benzoyls
nzom: benzomorpholine
hraz: benzophenanthrazine
lfim: benzosulfimide
nzpi: benzpinacone
zpin: benzpinacone
nzpy: benzpyrene
zpyr: benzpyrene
nzth: benzthiophen
nztr: benztrioxazine
ztri: benztrioxazine
beod: beode
beow: beowulf
eowu: beowulf
owul: beowulf
beqw: beqwete
eqwe: beqwete
qwet: beqwete
wete: beqwete
rgap: bergaptene
ergf: bergfall
rggy: berggylt
ggyl: berggylt
rgsc: bergschrund
gsch: bergschrund
kovt: berkovtsi
ovts: berkovtsi
vtsi: berkovtsi
rkow: berkowitz
rloq: berloque
berv: bervie
sotm: besotment
zorn: besprizorni
besr: besra
stuu: bestuur
tuur: bestuur
telg: betelgeuse
lgeu: betelgeuse
sdas: bethesdas
etsy: betsy
wixe: betwixen
beul: beulah
eunc: beuncled
beur: beurre
eurr: beurre
bevy: bevy
bevu: bevue
bevv: bevvy
ewep: bewept
ewim: bewimple
ewiz: bewizard
bewp: bewpers
ewpe: bewpers
beww: bewwept
ewwe: bewwept
bezp: bezpopovets
ezpo: bezpopovets
zpop: bezpopovets
bhab: bhabar
bhad: bhadon
haiy: bhaiyachara
iyac: bhaiyachara
bhaj: bhajan
bhim: bhima
bhoy: bhoy
bhoj: bhojpuri
hojp: bhojpuri
ojpu: bhojpuri
jpur: bhojpuri
bhok: bhokra
otiy: bhotiya
bhow: bhowani
umij: bhumij
biab: biabo
biaj: biajaiba
ajai: biajaiba
jaib: biajaiba
elpt: bibliokelpt
pegy: bibliopegy
bibo: biborate
narn: bicentenarnaries
cycu: bicycular
ycok: bycoket
bidc: bidcock
donv: bidonville
bidp: bidpai
dpai: bidpai
bieb: bieberite
meie: biedermeier
byee: byee
biee: bieennia
byeg: byegaein
yega: byegaein
elby: bielby
ielo: bielorouss
byem: byeman
byep: byepath
yepa: byepath
bift: bifteck
ftec: bifteck
igbl: bigbloom
igbu: bigbury
gbur: bigbury
bigf: bigfoot
bigt: bigthatch
igth: bigthatch
gtha: bigthatch
ihai: bihai
byha: byhand
bihy: bihydrazine
biho: bihourly
ijas: bijasal
joux: bijoux
bijw: bijwoner
ijwo: bijwoner
jwon: bijwoner
khac: bikhaconitine
bikk: bikkurim
biko: bikol
bikr: bikram
biku: bikukulla
ikuk: bikukulla
ilaa: bilaan
lboq: bilboquet
ilgy: bilgy
ilih: bilihumin
ngsg: billingsgate
gsga: billingsgate
ywix: billywix
llji: billjim
ljim: billjim
rnir: bilskirnir
meby: bimeby
bimm: bimmeler
pthy: binapthyl
binb: binbashi
dweb: bindweb
byne: bynedestin
binh: binh
byni: bynin
nocs: binocs
ukau: binukau
binz: binzuru
inzu: binzuru
nzur: binzuru
zuru: binzuru
ioav: bioavailability
oava: bioavailability
ofee: biofeedback
ofog: biofog
ioha: biohazard
ohaz: biohazard
biok: biokinetics
bioz: biozone
rdcl: birdclapper
irdd: birddom
irdg: birdglue
rdgl: birdglue
rdyb: birdyback
rdsn: birdsnest
dsne: birdsnest
irkr: birkremite
yrls: byrls
yrru: byrrus
irsy: birsy
byrs: byrsonima
byrt: byrthynsak
hnig: birthnight
isax: bisaxillary
sdim: bisdimethylamino
bisg: bisglyoxaline
sgly: bisglyoxaline
tosm: bismutosmaltite
bysp: byspell
itbr: bitbrace
bitn: bitnet
ttiu: bittium
uacs: bivouacs
bivv: bivvy
biwa: biwa
biwi: biwinter
ywon: bywoner
bixb: bixbyite
ixby: bixbyite
xbyi: bixbyite
bixi: bixin
bizc: bizcacha
bizy: bizygomatic
bjor: bjorne
bkbn: bkbndr
kbnd: bkbndr
bndr: bkbndr
bkcy: bkcy
bkgd: bkgd
bklr: bklr
bkpr: bkpr
bkpt: bkpt
laas: blaasop
aaso: blaasop
kacr: blackacre
kbee: blackbeetle
kbod: blackbody
kbuc: blackbuck
kcoa: blackcoat
kcoc: blackcock
ckcu: blackcurrant
kcur: blackcurrant
kfee: blackfeet
kfly: blackfly
kpri: blackprint
ksna: blacksnake
laew: blaewort
lahl: blahlaut
layk: blayk
latj: blatjang
ttod: blattodea
auwb: blauwbok
uwbo: blauwbok
wbok: blauwbok
bldg: bldg
bldr: bldr
ryey: blearyeyedness
kbok: bleekbok
mmye: blemmyes
endc: blendcorn
ndco: blendcorn
lenk: blenk
nnoe: blennoemesis
aryd: blepharydatis
hryp: blepharophryplasty
htbi: blightbird
blij: blijver
lijv: blijver
ijve: blijver
jver: blijver
ndey: blindeyes
blir: blirt
theh: blithehearted
tzbu: blitzbuggy
zbug: blitzbuggy
blks: blksize
ksiz: blksize
blod: blodite
odfl: bloodflower
odwe: bloodweed
omfe: bloomfell
somh: blossomhead
omhe: blossomhead
somr: blossomry
somt: blossomtime
ottt: blottto
wbys: blowbys
owir: blowiron
wlam: blowlamp
wups: blowups
wzed: blowzed
uejo: bluejoint
uewi: bluewing
luft: blufter
blug: bluggy
blup: blup
lutw: blutwurst
utwu: blutwurst
blvd: blvd
boae: boaedon
boag: boagane
oaga: boagane
oatk: boatkeeper
atwr: boatwright
bbej: bobbejaan
ejaa: bobbejaan
jaan: bobbejaan
binw: bobbinwork
bfly: bobfly
bfli: bobflies
obiz: bobization
bobj: bobjerom
bjer: bobjerom
bocs: bocstaff
ocst: bocstaff
oddh: boddhisattva
attw: bodhisattwa
ttwa: bodhisattwa
odyc: bodycheck
odyh: bodyhood
odyk: bodykins
dypl: bodyplate
dken: bodken
bodw: bodword
boeb: boebera
oedr: boedromion
boei: boeing
oerd: boerdom
oerh: boerhavia
rhav: boerhavia
geyi: bogeying
bogf: bogfern
gfer: bogfern
bogh: boghole
ogij: bogijiab
giji: bogijiab
jiab: bogijiab
ogyl: bogyland
gusn: bogusness
ohir: bohireen
ydek: boydekyn
deky: boydekyn
ekyn: boydekyn
boie: boiette
boyg: boyg
boii: boii
boik: boiko
lerh: boilerhouse
boyu: boyuna
yuna: boyuna
boji: bojite
ojit: bojite
bojo: bojo
kark: bokark
bokm: bokmakierie
boxa: bolboxalis
lyai: bolyaian
yaia: bolyaian
bolk: bolk
viks: bolsheviks
oltc: boltcutter
oltw: boltwork
mbax: bombax
ylii: bombyliidae
byxe: bombyxes
ombp: bombproof
ducn: bonducnut
ucnu: bonducnut
cnut: bonducnut
onyf: bonyfish
nyfi: bonyfish
bonj: bonjour
nnaz: bonnaz
nycl: bonnyclabber
nnyv: bonnyvis
nyvi: bonnyvis
yvis: bonnyvis
onnw: bonnwis
nnwi: bonnwis
bonx: bonxie
onxi: bonxie
obya: boobyalla
byal: boobyalla
boof: boof
giew: boogiewoogie
woog: boogiewoogie
booj: boojum
ooju: boojum
okcr: bookcraft
okde: bookdealer
okfa: bookfair
kfai: bookfair
okfo: bookfold
okfu: bookful
klov: booklover
okme: bookmen
okpr: bookpress
kpre: bookpress
oksy: booksy
okwr: bookwright
oomd: boomdas
mdas: boomdas
ozeh: boozehound
ozif: boozify
orow: borowolframic
orzi: borzicactus
hneg: boschneger
bosj: bosjesman
osje: bosjesman
sjes: bosjesman
jesm: bosjesman
osss: bossship
tryx: bostryx
ycym: botrycymose
omch: bottomchrome
mryi: bottomrying
udeu: boudeuse
boue: bouet
nceb: bounceback
tylk: boutylka
ylka: boutylka
bouw: bouw
bovl: bovld
ovld: bovld
bovv: bovver
ovve: bovver
wdic: bowdichia
rmay: bowermay
owfr: bowfront
wfro: bowfront
owge: bowge
wief: bowieful
iefu: bowieful
wkai: bowkail
owlm: bowlmaker
wlma: bowlmaker
wral: bowralite
wsaw: bowsaw
owss: bowssen
wsse: bowssen
xbal: boxball
boxk: boxkeeper
oxke: boxkeeper
xkee: boxkeeper
boxl: boxlike
boxr: boxroom
oxro: boxroom
oxty: boxty
xwal: boxwallah
ozal: bozal
bozi: bozine
braa: braata
abej: brabejum
hyax: brachyaxis
hycn: brachycnemic
chyf: brachyfacial
hyfa: brachyfacial
hyhi: brachyhieric
hypy: brachypyramid
ypyr: brachypyramid
hyrr: brachyrrhinia
yscl: brachysclereid
hytm: brachytmema
ytme: brachytmema
ctei: bracteiform
dyac: bradyacousia
ycau: bradycauma
dyci: bradycinesia
dycr: bradycrotic
dyda: bradydactylia
adye: bradyesthesia
dygl: bradyglossia
dypu: bradypus
dytr: bradytrophic
adyu: bradyuria
dyur: bradyuria
dsot: bradsot
aehe: braehead
agoz: bragozzo
hmah: brahmahood
hmap: brahmapootra
aies: braies
ashj: brainwashjng
shjn: brainwashjng
hjng: brainwashjng
hihy: branchihyal
braq: braquemard
atwu: bratwurst
wlys: brawlys
zilw: brazilwood
dthe: breadthen
akba: breakback
akst: breakstone
hesf: breechesflower
esfl: breechesflower
eeku: breekums
ekum: breekums
ezef: breezeful
eisl: breislakite
aupt: breithauptite
ekky: brekky
ekkl: brekkle
kkle: brekkle
emss: bremsstrahlung
msst: bremsstrahlung
rahl: bremsstrahlung
nnsc: brennschluss
rerd: brerd
eunn: breunnerite
brez: brezhnev
rezh: brezhnev
ezhn: brezhnev
zhne: brezhnev
hnev: brezhnev
iarw: briarwood
ibem: bribemonger
ibew: bribeworthy
ckki: brickkiln
kkil: brickkiln
kred: brickred
geke: bridgekeeper
ggsi: briggsian
gsia: briggsian
htey: brighteyes
mmim: brimmimg
mimg: brimmimg
yndz: bryndza
rynh: brynhild
ynhi: brynhild
njal: brinjal
jaul: brinjaul
rynz: brynza
ynza: brynza
zkas: britzkas
oadg: broadgage
adta: broadtail
odek: brodekin
odeq: brodequin
rolg: brolga
mcam: bromcamphor
omcr: bromcresol
romg: bromgelatin
omge: bromgelatin
mgel: bromgelatin
omok: bromoketone
opik: bromopikrin
romt: bromthymol
mvoe: bromvoel
mvog: bromvogel
oego: bronchoegophony
oncs: broncs
ngni: brongniardite
ronx: bronx
zesm: bronzesmith
nzew: bronzewing
onzy: bronzy
nzif: bronzify
dsac: broodsac
okfl: brookflower
oomc: broomcorn
mrap: broomrape
omsq: broomsquire
msqu: broomsquire
mtai: broomtail
owac: browache
wpos: browpost
wzer: browzer
brrr: brrr
rugn: brugnatellite
bruy: bruyere
ruje: brujeria
ujos: brujos
bruk: bruke
shbi: brushbird
hpop: brushpopper
bruz: bruzz
ruzz: bruzz
bskt: bskt
btry: btry
buat: buat
buaz: buaze
uaze: buaze
bbyb: bubbybush
bybu: bubbybush
bube: bube
ocez: bubonoceze
ceze: bubonoceze
bubu: bubukle
kley: buckleya
ktee: buckteeth
ucrn: bucrnia
crni: bucrnia
budb: budbreak
udbr: budbreak
dhah: buddhahood
dhic: buddhic
ddho: buddhology
bude: bude
ygah: budgerygah
budh: budh
budm: budmash
budt: budtime
udti: budtime
uduk: budukha
ukha: budukha
dzar: budzart
dzat: budzat
bufa: bufagin
ufag: bufagin
fbar: buffbar
fcoa: buffcoat
bufi: bufidin
ufid: bufidin
fota: bufotalin
bugd: bugdom
bugf: bugfish
ugfi: bugfish
ginv: buginvillaea
bugp: bugproof
ugpr: bugproof
bugr: bugre
uhlb: buhlbuhl
hlbu: buhlbuhl
lbuh: buhlbuhl
uhls: buhls
uhrm: buhrmill
hrmi: buhrmill
hrst: buhrstone
buib: buibui
uyid: buyides
buir: buirdly
bukh: bukh
dnon: bukidnon
ulby: bulby
lbli: bulblike
bulc: bulchin
buld: bulder
ulgy: bulgy
lbeg: bullbeggar
llgi: bullgine
lhid: bullhide
lyhu: bullyhuff
yhuf: bullyhuff
lpup: bullpup
llsk: bullskin
llsn: bullsnake
lsna: bullsnake
llsu: bullsucker
lsuc: bullsucker
buln: bulnbuln
ulnb: bulnbuln
lnbu: bulnbuln
ulre: bulreedy
lree: bulreedy
ltey: bultey
ltow: bultow
bumc: bumclock
mfeg: bumfeg
umfs: bumfs
mfuz: bumfuzzle
umsu: bumsucking
bumt: bumtrap
bumw: bumwood
ndts: bundts
nyip: bunyip
bunj: bunjara
koed: bunkoed
bunu: bunuelo
unue: bunuelo
uoys: buoys
lmum: buphthalmum
burf: burfish
urgg: burggrave
rggr: burggrave
rghb: burghbote
ghem: burghemot
rghs: burghs
rgwa: burgware
rgwe: burgwere
urhm: burhmoot
rhmo: burhmoot
rntl: burntly
rntw: burntweed
urrb: burrbark
rrba: burrbark
urrg: burrgrailer
urrk: burrknot
rrkn: burrknot
rrst: burrstone
usao: busaos
usby: busby
usbi: busbies
hbab: bushbaby
helw: bushelwoman
hham: bushhammer
hpig: bushpig
ushv: bushveld
shve: bushveld
wahs: bushwahs
usyc: busycon
usyh: busyhead
busl: busload
uslo: busload
usuu: busuuti
suut: busuuti
uuti: busuuti
busw: busway
rjag: butterjags
uttg: buttgenbachite
ttge: buttgenbachite
buve: buvette
uxeo: buxeous
buxi: buxine
buxu: buxus
buza: buzane
buzy: buzylene
uzyl: buzylene
zbom: buzzbomb
zerp: buzzerphone
uzzg: buzzgloak
zzgl: buzzgloak
zglo: buzzgloak
uzzs: buzzsaw
zzsa: buzzsaw
zsaw: buzzsaw
caap: caapeba
aape: caapeba
apeb: caapeba
aati: caatinga
baan: cabaan
bagy: cabbagy
cabf: cabful
abfu: cabful
biai: cabiai
binl: cabinlike
euva: cabreuva
ajao: cacajao
cidr: cacidrosis
cocn: cacocnemia
ixls: cacomixls
ddii: caddiing
sfly: caddisfly
sfli: caddisflies
ddoa: caddoan
detc: cadetcy
adgy: cadgy
diue: cadiueio
iuei: cadiueio
ueio: cadiueio
cadj: cadjan
dmia: cadmia
dmid: cadmide
dmif: cadmiferous
dmop: cadmopone
admu: cadmus
dmus: cadmus
cece: caducecei
ucei: caducei
ecec: caecectomy
aerp: caerphilly
feol: caffeol
feon: caffeone
ffoy: caffoy
cafh: cafh
cafo: cafoy
afoy: cafoy
geyn: cageyness
cagg: caggy
cagm: cagmag
ahiz: cahiz
cahn: cahnite
ahok: cahokia
ahuy: cahuy
ilce: cailcedra
ueje: caiquejee
goru: cairngorum
yuco: cayuco
ayuv: cayuvava
caix: caixinha
aixi: caixinha
xinh: caixinha
juns: cajuns
caka: cakavci
cakc: cakchikel
caky: caky
mumi: calamumi
calb: calbroben
oarg: calcareoargillaceous
lcei: calceiform
lceu: calceus
lcyd: calcydon
ciof: calcioferrite
ciov: calciovolborthite
ipex: calcipexy
lciv: calcivorous
lcsi: calcsinter
lcut: calcutta
lefy: calefy
lfbo: calfbound
alfd: calfdozer
fdoz: calfdozer
alfk: calfkill
fkil: calfkill
ibog: calibogus
alyo: calyon
ipev: calipeva
peva: calipeva
phsh: caliphship
psoe: calypsoes
lsou: calsouns
umny: calumny
alxe: calxes
lxes: calxes
lzad: calzada
lzoo: calzoons
maxt: camaxtli
axtl: camaxtli
xtli: camaxtli
mbev: cambeva
mbyu: cambyuskan
byus: cambyuskan
yusk: cambyuskan
camd: camden
lhai: camelhair
melr: camelry
mikn: camiknickers
ikni: camiknickers
mpcr: campcraft
pfig: campfight
mpwa: campward
camw: camwood
cuas: canacuas
najo: canajong
canb: canberra
ancc: canccelli
ncce: canccelli
ndyh: candyh
ytuf: candytuft
ezou: canezou
canj: canjac
noew: canoewood
nsos: cansos
vasl: canvaslike
vasm: canvasman
caob: caoba
caoi: caoine
caon: caon
tivl: capacitativly
ivly: capacitativly
capc: capcase
apib: capibara
capk: capkin
apmi: capmint
pocc: capocchia
ppuc: cappuccino
proy: caproyl
puci: capucine
baos: carabaos
bazy: carbazylic
biny: carbinyl
boaz: carboazotine
bolf: carbolfuchsin
lfuc: carbolfuchsin
bolx: carbolxylol
olxy: carbolxylol
lxyl: carbolxylol
bomy: carbomycin
nieu: carbonnieux
xydo: carboxydomonas
lhos: carcavelhos
harh: carcharhinus
ielc: cardielcosis
diok: cardiokinetic
rduu: carduus
duus: carduus
rfax: carfax
riyo: cariyo
ylei: carlyleian
tweb: carpetweb
piod: carpiodes
rpsu: carpsucker
carq: carquaise
rryk: carryke
rtob: cartobibliography
rvyl: carvyl
voei: carvoeira
voep: carvoepra
oepr: carvoepra
carz: carzey
rzey: carzey
asek: casekeeper
shdr: cashdrawer
iroa: casimiroa
casl: caslon
sady: cassady
siep: cassiepeia
peiu: cassiopeium
eium: cassiopeium
ssiq: cassique
casw: caswellite
casz: casziel
aszi: casziel
szie: casziel
ziel: casziel
tadu: catadupe
cteg: cataracteg
actw: cataractwise
wbas: catawbas
atcl: catclaw
catd: catdom
esbe: catesbeiana
catj: catjang
toct: catoctin
atsl: catslide
catv: catvine
tvin: catvine
ubog: cauboge
ghna: caughnawaga
hnaw: caughnawaga
uliv: caulivorous
cauq: cauqui
avay: cavayard
vaya: cavayard
cavd: cavdia
avdi: cavdia
vdia: cavdia
avek: cavekeeper
aviy: caviya
viya: caviya
avyy: cavyyard
vyya: cavyyard
yyar: cavyyard
avum: cavum
cawq: cawquaw
awqu: cawquaw
xiri: caxiri
caxo: caxon
azib: cazibi
zibi: cazibi
orck: cchaddoorck
cckw: cckw
ccws: ccws
lrai: cebalrai
iido: cecidomyiidous
eduo: ceduous
ceen: ceennacuelum
eyss: ceyssatite
ceyx: ceyx
eltu: celtuce
ltuc: celtuce
pomu: centropomus
osoy: centrosoyus
soyu: centrosoyus
oyus: centrosoyus
rutr: centrutra
ceon: ceonocyte
ldem: cephaldemae
lhem: cephalhematoma
toza: ceratozamia
ynea: cerynean
spip: cesspipe
stuy: cestuy
ceza: cezannesque
affc: chaffcutter
fwax: chaffwax
chaj: chaja
aksi: chaksi
aziu: chalazium
ihui: chalchihuitl
ldae: chaldaei
ybeo: chalybeous
alkc: chalkcutter
lkcu: chalkcutter
lkog: chalkography
lkon: chalkone
lkot: chalkotheke
alkp: chalkpit
lkpi: chalkpit
lkra: chalkrail
halq: chalque
maeb: chamaebatia
aeba: chamaebatia
aecy: chamaecyparis
cypa: chamaecyparis
aepe: chamaepericlymenum
aepr: chamaeprosopic
mkan: chamkanni
moix: chamoix
celr: chancelry
noyu: chanoyu
teym: chanteyman
ukah: chanukah
haog: chaogenous
aoge: chaogenous
ouia: chaouia
lanr: chaplanry
hapw: chapwoman
argf: chargfaires
gfai: chargfaires
iotm: chariotman
iotw: chariotway
ruas: charruas
eaub: chateaubriand
rerz: chattererz
udfr: chaudfroid
lmau: chaulmaugra
mugr: chaulmugra
avib: chavibetol
eapj: cheapjack
eekp: cheekpiece
ekpi: cheekpiece
esef: cheeseflower
eesy: cheesy
heew: cheewink
hefr: chefrinia
hefs: chefs
hegr: chegre
heha: chehalis
khov: chekhov
hekk: chekker
hekm: chekmak
emaw: chemawinite
emeh: chemehuevi
mehu: chemehuevi
huev: chemehuevi
mizo: chemizo
evix: chenevixite
vixi: chenevixite
rybl: cherryblossom
rsyd: chersydridae
vesn: chevesne
vreu: chevreuil
reui: chevreuil
hevv: chevvy
hiao: chiao
hyaz: chyazic
hitu: chichituna
kenp: chickenpox
iefa: chiefage
efag: chiefage
iefr: chiefry
efsh: chiefship
ffch: chiffchaff
frob: chiffrobe
ggak: chiggak
hihf: chihfu
ihfu: chihfu
ylaq: chylaqueous
ildk: childkind
ldki: childkind
ildm: childminder
ildp: childproof
iaed: chiliaedron
hilv: chilver
lakw: chimalakwe
ymaq: chymaqueous
mlas: chimlas
eypi: chimneypiece
himu: chimu
nafy: chinafy
asuy: chinchasuyu
suyu: chinchasuyu
gpaw: chingpaw
hinh: chinhwan
inhw: chinhwan
nhwa: chinhwan
novn: chinovnik
ovni: chinovnik
hinq: chinquapin
ntzy: chintzy
ewya: chipewyan
irpy: chirpy
istk: chistka
stka: chistka
hiul: chiule
iule: chiule
iurm: chiurm
ivyi: chivying
hivw: chivw
chiw: chiwere
hiwe: chiwere
hkal: chkalik
hlad: chladnite
adni: chladnite
dnit: chladnite
ydop: chlamydophore
leuh: chleuh
buci: chlorambucil
zepo: chlordiazepoxide
oroq: chloroquine
enpy: chlorprophenpyridamine
chmn: chmn
hnup: chnuphis
hoak: choak
obda: chobdar
ogse: chogset
hoia: choiak
oiak: choiak
oicy: choicy
oirg: choirgirl
oirl: choirlike
hoyr: choyroot
oirw: choirwise
okid: chokidar
ioit: cholangioitis
ystg: cholecystgastrostomy
ystn: cholecystnephrostomy
stoj: cholecystojejunostomy
oepu: choloepus
holr: cholralosed
olra: cholralosed
tawo: chontawood
opfa: chopfallen
regy: choregy
horg: chorgi
ioad: chorioadenoma
oryo: choryos
oucr: choucroute
houf: choufleur
houq: chouquette
houx: choux
howh: chowhound
hoza: chozar
emze: chremzel
emzl: chremzlach
mzla: chremzlach
ysao: chrysaor
ysoa: chrysoaristocracy
ysoe: chrysoeriol
ysoh: chrysohermidin
omlo: chrisomloosing
mloo: chrisomloosing
masb: christmasberry
romd: chromdiagnosis
moct: chromoctye
ctye: chromoctye
naxy: chronaxy
oncm: chroncmeter
ncme: chroncmeter
cmet: chroncmeter
oniq: chronique
copv: chronoscopv
kfar: chuckfarthing
hude: chude
huhr: chuhra
uhra: chuhra
chuj: chuje
hukc: chukchi
ukch: chukchi
hulh: chulha
hulp: chulpa
umaw: chumawi
mpiv: chumpivilca
vilc: chumpivilca
hupo: chupon
rnmi: churnmilk
urrw: churrworm
rrwo: churrworm
zpad: chutzpadik
zpan: chutzpanik
chuu: chuumnapm
huum: chuumnapm
uumn: chuumnapm
mnap: chuumnapm
napm: chuumnapm
chuz: chuzwi
huzw: chuzwi
uzwi: chuzwi
cyaa: cyaathia
yaat: cyaathia
aath: cyaathia
yanb: cyanbenzyl
yanm: cyanmethemoglobin
ciao: ciao
cyap: cyaphenine
biaf: cibophobiafood
iafo: cibophobiafood
orgs: cyborgs
sbeo: cicisbeo
thrs: cyclarthrsis
hrsi: cyclarthrsis
claz: cyclazocine
cicr: cicrumspections
ygnu: cygnus
cyke: cyke
liiu: ciliium
baef: cymbaeform
cimc: cimcumvention
imcu: cimcumvention
imex: cimex
cymi: cymiferous
ciml: cimline
cimn: cimnel
ymra: cymraeg
mrae: cymraeg
ymry: cymry
cymt: cymtia
ymti: cymtia
cyng: cynghanedd
yngh: cynghanedd
cynh: cynhyena
ynhy: cynhyena
nhye: cynhyena
ynox: cynoxylon
cypt: cyptozoic
ircs: circs
rcue: circue
umca: circumcallosal
mcal: circumcallosal
mcel: circumcellion
mcir: circumcircle
mcol: circumcolumnar
mdat: circumdate
mdic: circumdiction
mges: circumgestation
umjo: circumjovial
mjov: circumjovial
mneu: circumneutral
mnuc: circumnuclear
msai: circumsail
umto: circumtonsillar
mton: circumtonsillar
mtro: circumtropical
umum: circumumbilical
mvas: circumvascular
mves: circumvest
mvoi: circumvoisin
cumz: circumzenithal
umze: circumzenithal
mzen: circumzenithal
cusy: circusy
cirl: cirl
cirm: cirmcumferential
irmc: cirmcumferential
rmcu: cirmcumferential
cisg: cisgangetic
cisj: cisjurane
sjur: cisjurane
cisr: cisrhenane
ityb: citybuster
ityc: citycism
tyci: citycism
ityd: citydom
hgou: cytopahgous
ernh: citternhead
ciud: ciudad
iuda: ciudad
cyul: cyul
civy: civy
cywy: cywydd
ywyd: cywydd
wydd: cywydd
ciwi: ciwies
cixo: cixo
cyzi: cyzicene
yzic: cyzicene
zice: cyzicene
ckdi: clackdish
yier: clayier
ayoq: clayoquot
yoqu: clayoquot
clak: clake
clal: clallam
amcr: clamcracker
mfry: clamjamfry
mfri: clanjamfrie
clao: claosaurus
apbr: clapbread
pdis: clapdish
rdud: clapperdudgeon
euxs: clarenceuxship
uxsh: clarenceuxship
rksv: clarksville
ksvi: clarksville
aspt: claspt
avih: claviharp
avuv: clavuvi
vuvi: clavuvi
lawh: clawhammer
lemc: clemclemalats
emcl: clemclemalats
mcle: clemclemalats
wgar: clewgarnet
ndrd: clinandrdria
noax: clinoaxis
iquy: cliquy
thci: clistothcia
hcia: clistothcia
ytem: clytemnestra
livu: clivus
kmut: clockmutch
lodb: clodbreaker
odbr: clodbreaker
lodk: clodknocker
cloe: cloes
logd: clogdogdo
ghad: cloghad
ogwy: clogwyn
loky: cloky
esbr: clothesbrush
syar: clothesyard
oudc: cloudcap
udsc: cloudscape
udsh: cloudship
wnad: clownade
clox: cloxacillin
cloz: cloze
bfel: clubfellow
bmob: clubmobile
cluf: cluff
clui: cluing
peio: clupeiod
peod: clupeodei
lupp: cluppe
cmdg: cmdg
cmdr: cmdr
cnib: cnibophore
chwr: coachwright
coah: coahuiltecan
oahu: coahuiltecan
oaid: coaid
oait: coaita
oalr: coalrake
oatd: coatdress
imun: coatimundi
oaug: coaugment
oaxy: coaxy
obbr: cobbra
obbs: cobbs
cobc: cobcab
obew: cobewail
obhe: cobhead
caig: cocaigne
ocao: cocao
ccyd: coccydynia
cydy: coccydynia
cyga: coccygalgia
ygec: coccygectomy
ccyo: coccyodynia
cyod: coccyodynia
cyxe: coccyxes
ccyz: coccyzus
cyzu: coccyzus
yzus: coccyzus
hleo: cochleous
iodu: cochliodus
ytea: cocytean
ckai: cockaigne
kaig: cockaigne
kyol: cockyolly
yoll: cockyolly
kpad: cockpaddle
ksfo: cocksfoot
oawo: cocoawood
oyam: cocoyam
ocov: cocovenantor
ocoz: cocozelle
ocuy: cocuyo
cuiz: cocuiza
uiza: cocuiza
cusw: cocuswood
uswo: cocuswood
codb: codbank
decs: codecs
iaeu: codiaeum
codm: codman
odsw: codswallop
dswa: codswallop
codw: codworm
oeds: coeds
coeh: coehorn
oelh: coelho
oelt: coeltera
oenj: coenjoy
nunu: coenunuri
vedc: coevolvedcoevolves
dcoe: coevolvedcoevolves
ofeo: cofeoffee
eecu: coffeecup
ofig: cofighter
cofu: cofunction
cogb: cogboat
cogh: coghle
ogid: cogida
ogsw: cogswellia
gswe: cogswellia
ohue: cohue
ohus: cohusband
coyd: coydog
ydog: coydog
oifi: coifing
oifs: coifs
oyny: coynye
ynye: coynye
oisl: coislander
oisn: coisns
isns: coisns
coyu: coyure
oyur: coyure
coix: coix
ojoi: cojoin
ojon: cojones
ojus: cojusticiar
coky: coky
cokn: cokneyfy
coku: cokuloris
ldsl: coldslaw
ldtu: coldturkey
colf: colfox
olfo: colfox
icwe: colicweed
cwee: colicweed
ymbu: colymbus
ipye: colipyelitis
ipyu: colipyuria
colk: colk
giug: collegiugia
iugi: collegiugia
ylyr: collylyria
oquq: colloququia
ququ: colloququia
olna: colnaria
elci: colonelcies
pexo: colopexotomy
susw: colossuswise
ltsk: coltskin
mnea: columnea
umnw: columnwise
colv: colville
lzas: colzas
mbfl: combflower
mbwi: combwise
mbwr: combwright
bwri: combwright
omdg: comdg
omdr: comdr
omdt: comdt
mfin: comfiness
omiq: comique
mitj: comitje
itje: comitje
coml: coml
rciu: commercium
munb: communbus
omoq: comoquer
mpaa: compaa
ompd: compd
mpup: compupil
comv: comvia
omvi: comvia
ertg: concertgoer
rtgo: concertgoer
tstc: concertstck
stck: concertstck
hucu: conchucu
oncn: concn
ncrf: concrfsce
crfs: concrfsce
rfsc: concrfsce
fsce: concrfsce
niia: condominiia
niiu: condominiiums
irmm: confirmment
onyg: conyger
nyge: conyger
nyng: conynge
onyz: conyza
nyza: conyza
njeg: conjegates
jega: conjegates
njob: conjobble
juct: conjuctiva
xivu: connexivum
nnix: connixation
nixa: connixation
onns: conns
onoy: conoy
nrey: conrey
ionk: contakionkia
ontd: contd
plam: contemplamen
mptf: contemptful
nuua: continuua
ariw: contrariwise
asug: contrasuggestible
ontt: conttinua
ntti: conttinua
nuze: conuzee
nuzo: conuzor
uzor: conuzor
vexl: convexly
vexn: convexness
cood: coodle
oeed: cooeed
oeei: cooeeing
oees: cooees
oeyi: cooeying
coog: cooghneiorvlt
oogh: cooghneiorvlt
eior: cooghneiorvlt
iorv: cooghneiorvlt
orvl: cooghneiorvlt
rvlt: cooghneiorvlt
cooh: coohee
ohee: coohee
cooj: cooja
njin: coonjine
riei: coorieing
oosu: coosuc
aibi: copaibic
paif: copaifera
paiy: copaiye
aiye: copaiye
palj: copaljocote
ljoc: copaljocote
peog: copeognatha
pycu: copycutter
opym: copyman
pyma: copyman
pywi: copywise
opps: copps
ralr: coralroot
rcyr: corcyraean
rfio: corfiote
rylu: corylus
ymbs: corymbs
ynef: coryneform
rypp: corypphaei
ppha: corypphaei
ytub: corytuberine
yzal: coryzal
yzas: coryzas
rkir: corkir
ornd: corndodger
nerc: cornercap
rnlo: cornloft
rnmu: cornmuse
rnri: cornrick
rnsa: cornsack
rnub: cornubianite
nutu: cornutus
oroj: corojo
orpn: corpn
rpsb: corpsbruder
psbr: corpsbruder
brud: corpsbruder
uptf: corruptful
orsn: corsned
orvk: corvktte
rvkt: corvktte
vktt: corvktte
ktte: corvktte
osaq: cosaque
osav: cosavior
gygy: cosmologygy
osou: cosounding
snen: cossnent
stox: costoxiphoid
umey: costumey
tusr: costusroot
cosw: coswearer
cotb: cotbetty
otef: coteful
urnn: cothurnni
rnni: cothurnni
tytt: cotyttia
ytti: cotyttia
cotm: cotman
tonp: cottonpicking
ouei: coueism
ghwe: coughweed
ougn: cougnar
couh: couhage
rbew: counterbewitch
rbuf: counterbuff
rerm: counterermine
rhaf: counterhaft
rrui: counterruin
rvib: countervibration
ntys: countys
oupu: coupure
rtby: courtby
urtc: courtcraft
zanr: courtezanry
rtno: courtnoll
wbyr: cowbyre
wlst: cowlstaff
wpoc: cowpock
cowq: cowquake
owqu: cowquake
wroi: cowroid
wsuc: cowsucker
wthw: cowthwort
owwh: cowwheat
wwhe: cowwheat
xank: coxankylometer
coxb: coxbones
xbon: coxbones
ombh: coxcombhood
coxy: coxy
oxof: coxofemoral
xofe: coxofemoral
cpus: cpus
cput: cputime
rabc: crabcatcher
abca: crabcatcher
abfi: crabfish
rabg: crabgrass
abgr: crabgrass
abmi: crabmill
abwi: crabwise
ckaj: crackajack
khem: crackhemp
aigm: craigmontite
isey: craisey
craj: crajuru
mpbi: crampbit
ankd: crankdisk
nkdi: crankdisk
ranr: cranreuch
nreu: cranreuch
taeg: crataegus
aegu: crataegus
taev: crataeva
awta: crawtae
wtae: crawtae
wthu: crawthumper
crax: crax
azyc: crazycat
zyca: crazycat
azyw: crazyweed
zywe: crazyweed
crca: crcao
rcao: crcao
crch: crche
mcak: creamcake
mlai: creamlaid
msac: creamsacs
reaz: creaze
ditl: creditless
eksi: creekside
ekst: creekstuff
kstu: creekstuff
eirg: creirgist
etef: cretefaction
creu: creutzer
rewc: crewcut
wnec: crewneck
crex: crex
riey: criey
oagn: cryptoagnostic
eidu: cryptocleidus
ptou: cryptous
ispb: crispbread
spbr: crispbread
sply: crisply
ispn: crispness
iion: criteriions
icsm: criticsm
vetz: crivetz
ceic: croceic
oceo: croceous
oigh: croighle
roii: croiik
oiik: croiik
tedt: cronstedtite
kedb: crookedbacked
okfi: crookfingered
okkn: crookkneed
kkne: crookkneed
osby: crosby
ssbb: crossbbred
sbbr: crossbbred
ssfo: crossfoot
ossg: crossgrainedness
ssgr: crossgrainedness
ossj: crossjack
ssja: crossjack
sjac: crossjack
ssra: crossrail
srow: crossrow
sruf: crossruff
sweb: crossweb
wbai: crowbait
owdw: crowdweed
wdwe: crowdweed
rowk: crowkeeper
wnal: crownal
wnat: crownation
wtoe: crowtoe
rozl: crozle
crpe: crpe
crts: crts
cibu: crucibulum
fyfi: crucifyfied
fyfy: crucifyfying
ruds: cruds
rudw: crudwort
uelh: cruelhearted
ruiv: cruive
mbcl: crumbcloth
crwd: crwd
crze: crzette
csch: csch
csmp: csmp
csne: csnet
ctge: ctge
ctrl: ctrl
ilng: cuailnge
lnge: cuailnge
cuam: cuamuchil
cuap: cuapinole
bbyy: cubbyyew
byye: cubbyyew
yyew: cubbyyew
bbyu: cubbyu
cubd: cubdom
bebs: cubebs
cubh: cubhood
cubl: cubla
cubm: cubmaster
ubod: cubododecahedral
cubs: cubs
cubt: cubti
kooe: cuckooed
koof: cuckooflower
kooi: cuckooing
uckq: cuckquean
ckqu: cuckquean
kque: cuckquean
cuco: cucoline
cuju: cucujus
udav: cudava
udei: cudeigh
cueb: cueball
cuev: cueva
fyis: cuffyism
cufi: cufic
cuic: cuichunchulli
uifs: cuifs
cuja: cujam
ujam: cujam
vams: culavamsa
culg: culgee
culr: culrage
ulsd: culsdesac
lsde: culsdesac
ultt: culttelli
mhal: cumhal
njev: cunjevoi
jevo: cunjevoi
unza: cunza
cuon: cuon
cuor: cuorin
piub: cupiuba
urby: curby
rbsi: curbside
rcud: curcuddoch
fewi: curfewing
lewb: curlewberry
rlpa: curlpaper
rrii: curriing
rrij: currijong
tlax: curtlax
tsyi: curtsying
ucui: curucui
rveb: curveball
urvl: curvle
rvle: curvle
rvog: curvograph
urvu: curvulate
urwh: curwhibble
usps: cusps
uspu: cuspule
utik: cutikin
tyhu: cuttyhunk
yhun: cuttyhunk
cuva: cuvage
cuvy: cuvy
cuzc: cuzceno
uzce: cuzceno
zcen: cuzceno
cwie: cwierc
cwms: cwms
czig: czigany
abih: dabih
dabu: dabuh
abuh: dabuh
acyo: dacyorrhea
cyor: dacyorrhea
cryc: dacrycystalgia
ryel: dacryelcosis
yelc: dacryelcosis
cryu: dacryuria
ryur: dacryuria
dadb: dadburned
dynu: daddynut
daek: daekon
aeko: daekon
daer: daer
daev: daeva
fydo: daffydowndilly
dafl: dafla
aftb: daftberry
gbam: dagbamba
dagm: dagmar
agsw: dagswain
gswa: dagswain
dahm: dahms
meya: dahomeyan
yabh: dayabhaga
yblu: dayblush
daib: daibutsu
aibu: daibutsu
ydaw: daydawn
daij: daijo
aijo: daijo
mioa: daimioate
isyb: daisybush
sybu: daisybush
isyc: daisycutter
sycu: daisycutter
aysp: dayspring
daiv: daiva
daks: daks
dalk: dalk
damg: damgalnunna
lnun: damgalnunna
damy: damyankee
myan: damyankee
damk: damkjernite
amkj: damkjernite
mkje: damkjernite
kjer: damkjernite
amny: damnyankee
mnya: damnyankee
mnii: damnii
mnum: damnum
selh: damselhood
danb: danburite
ndyd: dandydom
ndyp: dandyprat
danl: danli
euss: danseusse
daoi: daoine
arbh: darbha
rbha: darbha
daol: dardaol
args: dargsman
rgsm: dargsman
darj: darjeeling
rjee: darjeeling
arkt: darktown
rnex: darnex
ogah: darogah
darv: darvon
wesh: darwesh
darz: darzee
aktz: dashnaktzutiun
ktzu: dashnaktzutiun
sype: dasypeltis
sypy: dasypygal
sypu: dasypus
syus: dasyus
dasn: dasnt
dasw: daswen
ubry: daubry
dauc: daucus
hlaf: dauerschlaf
unii: daunii
aurn: daurna
dauw: dauw
idso: davidsonite
avyn: davyne
vyum: davyum
dawc: dawcock
dawp: dawpate
wtet: dawtet
awts: dawts
dawu: dawut
awut: dawut
daza: daza
dazy: dazy
dbms: dbms
dbrn: dbrn
dcbn: dcbname
cbna: dcbname
ddna: ddname
adce: deadcenter
dcen: deadcenter
dpay: deadpay
afmu: deafmuteness
fmut: deafmuteness
deap: deappetizing
deaq: deaquation
athd: deathday
debc: debcle
ebcl: debcle
oshm: deboshment
ebtf: debtful
ebtl: debtless
ebts: debts
aisn: decaisnea
decd: decd
cemc: decemcostate
cemd: decemdentate
cemj: decemjugate
emju: decemjugate
mjug: decemjugate
ceml: decemlocular
cems: decemstriate
mvii: decemvii
duae: deciduae
kpip: deckpipe
decn: decnet
ecne: decnet
cnet: decnet
ousu: decousu
pitn: decrepitness
decw: decwriter
ecwr: decwriter
deec: deecodder
deek: deek
epgo: deepgoing
eerg: deergrass
eerv: deervetch
efae: defaecate
fial: defial
efoe: defoedation
efos: defossion
audm: defraudment
udme: defraudment
defs: defs
ehac: dehache
dehg: dehgan
ehga: dehgan
dehk: dehkan
ehka: dehkan
dehn: dehnstufe
dehw: dehwar
ehwa: dehwar
deyh: deyhouse
deim: deimos
deyn: deynt
eiph: deiphobus
deyw: deywoman
kabr: dekabrist
kadr: dekadrachm
dekl: dekle
lfts: delfts
lftw: delftware
ltaf: deltafication
ludh: deludher
meor: demeore
emep: demephitize
ibru: demibrute
ieag: demieagle
ihak: demihake
ihaq: demihaque
ihog: demihogshead
miow: demiowl
iowl: demiowl
ipiq: demipique
isui: demisuit
iwiv: demiwivern
iwol: demiwolf
drax: dendraxon
ocyg: dendrocygna
ohyr: dendrohyrax
aedt: dennstaedtia
denv: denver
pthe: depthen
ptho: depthometer
pths: depths
pudo: depudorate
erfn: derfness
mabr: dermabrasion
amyi: dermamyiasis
opna: dermatopnagic
eskb: deskbound
skbo: deskbound
eskl: desklike
eskt: desktop
skto: desktop
smep: desmepithelium
smoh: desmohemoblast
xyep: desoxyephedrine
desr: desray
suvr: desuvre
tacw: detacwable
acwa: detacwable
cwab: detacwable
detd: detd
detn: detn
deul: deul
euna: deunam
eurw: deurwaarder
rwaa: deurwaarder
deuz: deuzan
euza: deuzan
devc: devchar
evch: devchar
vcha: devchar
vilb: devilbird
vonp: devonport
devs: devs
devv: devvel
vvel: devvel
devw: devwsor
evws: devwsor
vwso: devwsor
wsor: devwsor
ewda: dewdamp
wdam: dewdamp
weyl: deweylite
dewt: dewtry
deww: dewworm
xioc: dexiocardia
dezy: dezymotize
ezym: dezymotize
dgha: dghaisa
dhai: dhai
mnoo: dhamnoo
hanv: dhanvantari
masm: dharmasmriti
asmr: dharmasmriti
rmsa: dharmsala
dhaw: dhaw
ikrs: dhikrs
dhri: dhritarashtra
adko: diadkokinesia
dkok: diadkokinesia
iaet: diaetetae
nalw: diagonalwise
iaka: diaka
kisd: dyakisdodecahedron
ameg: diamegnetism
cech: diancecht
oial: dianoialogy
agms: diaphragms
asyr: diasyrm
ceoi: diatomaceoid
diav: diavolo
zeut: diazeutic
dibh: dibhole
ibho: dibhole
caei: dicaeidae
dicc: diccon
kybi: dickybird
ckty: dickty
yodr: dictyodromous
tyox: dictyoxylon
idnt: didnt
idoe: didoes
dyeb: dyebeck
ieca: diecase
dief: dieffenbachia
dyeh: dyehouse
diey: dieyerie
ierv: diervilla
euga: dieugard
diew: diewise
diez: diezeugmenon
ezeu: diezeugmenon
difd: difda
ffug: diffugient
gitr: digitron
nosl: dignosle
dihd: dihdroxycholecalciferol
iipe: diipenates
diis: diisatogen
iisa: diisatogen
ikag: dikage
dyka: dykage
ykag: dykage
ikeg: dikegrave
kegr: dikegrave
ikty: diktyonite
ktyo: diktyonite
dilk: dilker
luvy: diluvy
gtur: diminishingturns
imue: dimuence
narz: dinarzade
ynel: dynel
gmau: dingmaul
gthr: dingthrift
dinh: dinheiro
nysu: dionysus
dioo: dioon
ioon: dioon
iosg: diosgenin
dyos: dyostyle
nylq: diphenylquinomethane
ylqu: diphenylquinomethane
hyoz: diphyozooid
phyz: diphyzooid
pygu: dipygus
plok: diplokaryon
ploz: diplozoon
dipm: dipmeter
pmet: dipmeter
pnee: dipneedle
olsp: dipolsphene
lsph: dipolsphene
pppy: dipppy
dipw: dipware
ecly: direcly
ectc: directcarving
ctca: directcarving
ctdi: directdiscourse
ctex: directexamination
irgy: dirgy
ndls: dirndls
irtp: dirtplate
rtpl: dirtplate
ysad: dysadaptation
sapt: dysaptation
ysba: dysbarism
sbla: disblame
sbog: disbogue
sclu: disclusion
nuee: discontinuee
nuor: discontinuor
sdip: disdiplomatize
isdu: disdub
sdub: disdub
senm: disenmesh
sfen: disfen
sfle: disflesh
ancn: disfrancnise
ncni: disfrancnise
cnis: disfrancnise
sfri: disfriar
sgag: disgage
sgal: disgallant
sgeo: dysgeogenous
sgig: disgig
sglu: disglut
ysgn: dysgnosia
sgno: dysgnosia
ysgo: dysgonic
sgon: dysgonic
sgoo: disgood
sgou: disgout
ysgr: dysgraphia
hley: dishley
dysy: dysyntribite
sjeu: disjeune
ysla: dyslalia
ysly: dyslysin
slys: dyslysin
sllu: dislluminate
yslu: dysluite
smaw: dismaw
ysmn: dysmnesia
smne: dysmnesia
snos: disnosed
sedy: dispersedye
yspi: dyspituitarism
spow: dispowder
ysra: dysraphia
srap: dysraphia
srev: disreverence
ysrh: dysrhythmia
isri: disring
srou: disrout
srum: disrump
uptm: disruptment
sshr: disshroud
ssys: dyssystole
yssn: dyssnite
yssp: dysspermatism
guee: distinguee
fira: disulfiram
svoi: disvoice
isvu: disvulnerability
svul: disvulnerability
ttay: dittay
rsly: diversly
dixa: dixain
dixy: dixy
xiec: dixiecrat
xiel: dixieland
dizd: dizdar
zdar: dizdar
atay: djagatay
djak: djakarta
jalm: djalmaite
djas: djasakid
djeh: djehad
jelf: djelfa
djuk: djuka
juka: djuka
dlvy: dlvy
dmod: dmod
doby: doby
brao: dobrao
dobz: dobzhansky
obzh: dobzhansky
bzha: dobzhansky
zhan: dobzhansky
hmii: dochmii
hmiu: dochmius
docm: docmac
docq: docquet
docs: docs
cylp: dodecylphenol
dgas: dodgasted
dodk: dodkin
dodl: dodlet
dodm: dodman
dods: dods
doeb: doebird
doek: doek
esnt: doesnt
doft: doftberry
dofu: dofunny
rryd: dogberrydom
ogbl: dogblow
gfen: dogfennel
gfou: dogfought
ogpl: dogplate
ogta: dogtail
ogte: dogteeth
gtee: dogteeth
gtri: dogtrick
doht: dohter
ohte: dohter
oylt: doylt
doys: doyst
oitk: doitkin
dokh: dokhma
okhm: dokhma
dokm: dokmarok
hocn: dolichocnemic
dolv: dolven
mbey: dombeya
domd: domdaniel
meyk: domeykite
eyki: domeykite
ykit: domeykite
nmeh: donmeh
dooj: dooja
msay: doomsayer
mwat: doomwatcher
doop: dooputty
doox: dooxidize
paox: dopaoxidase
aoxi: dopaoxidase
dopc: dopchick
pebo: dopebook
lgan: doppelganger
dorj: dorje
dork: dorking
ormm: dormmice
orrb: dorrbeetle
rrbe: dorrbeetle
orrs: dorrs
rsob: dorsobranchiata
rsod: dorsodynia
oevs: dostoevsky
dotc: dotchin
dotk: dotkin
otki: dotkin
ubtm: doubtmonger
btmo: doubtmonger
btou: doubtous
btso: doubtsome
ghfe: doughfeet
hfee: doughfeet
oukh: doukhobor
douv: douvecot
uvec: douvecot
dovy: dovyalis
ovya: dovyalis
vyal: dovyalis
wcet: dowcet
wcot: dowcote
wfar: dowfart
ieit: dowieite
wlas: dowlas
wnda: downdale
wnfe: downfeed
wnfi: downfield
wnfl: downflow
wngy: downgyved
wnra: downrange
wnso: downsome
dowv: dowve
owve: dowve
dozy: dozy
chms: drachms
fsac: draffsack
gont: dragontail
drah: drahthaar
raht: drahthaar
ahth: drahthaar
thaa: drahthaar
htsb: draughtsboard
tsbo: draughtsboard
wbol: drawbolt
wcan: drawcansir
wgea: drawgear
awgl: drawglove
wglo: drawglove
wloo: drawloom
awof: drawoff
awou: drawout
awpl: drawplate
awpo: drawpoint
rawr: drawrod
wrod: drawrod
drch: drch
dnau: dreadnaught
amsy: dreamsy
amwh: dreamwhile
regs: dregs
idls: dreidls
resd: dresden
drev: drevel
yasd: dryasdust
asdu: dryasdust
sdus: dryasdust
dryc: drycoal
ftwe: driftweed
dryg: drygoodsman
dryh: dryhouse
yini: dryinid
rilv: drilvis
dryr: dryrot
rysn: drysne
dryt: dryth
iveh: drivehead
oddu: droddum
rokp: drokpa
okpa: drokpa
ceii: dromiceiidae
ceiu: dromiceius
eius: dromiceius
onkg: dronkgrass
nkgr: dronkgrass
ropb: dropberry
opbe: dropberry
ropc: dropcloth
opcl: dropcloth
ropv: dropvie
pvie: dropvie
shky: droshky
hkie: droshkies
wnde: drownded
wnds: drownds
siho: drowsihood
dgis: drudgism
rukp: drukpa
msle: drumsler
nkom: drunkometer
rury: drury
rusy: drusy
uxey: druxey
ruxy: druxy
druz: druze
dsri: dsri
dten: dtente
dtse: dtset
eltj: dubbeltje
ltje: dubbeltje
ubhg: dubhgall
bhga: dubhgall
dubl: dublin
ducd: ducdame
ucda: ducdame
cdam: ducdame
hesn: duchesnea
kbli: duckblind
ckhu: duckhunting
kmea: duckmeat
kpon: duckpond
kwif: duckwife
uctl: ductless
uctw: ductwork
dudm: dudman
duds: duds
duef: dueful
dufo: dufoil
ufoi: dufoil
enoy: dufrenoysite
uftr: duftry
ftry: duftry
duga: dugal
dugd: dugdug
ugdu: dugdug
gdug: dugdug
duge: dugento
dugs: dugs
dugw: dugway
ugwa: dugway
duha: duhat
uhat: duhat
duhr: duhr
duyk: duyker
uyke: duyker
duim: duim
duja: dujan
ujan: dujan
duka: duka
ukhn: dukhn
ukkh: dukkha
kkha: dukkha
duku: dukuma
dulb: dulbert
llsv: dullsville
lsvi: dullsville
dulw: dulwilly
ulwi: dulwilly
mbco: dumbcow
bcow: dumbcow
umka: dumka
umky: dumky
opfs: dummkopfs
mpok: dumpoke
dunb: dunbird
dunf: dunfish
gbec: dungbeck
gbre: dungbred
duny: duny
nkad: dunkadoo
dunp: dunpickle
dunz: dunziekte
duoc: duocosane
uoco: duocosane
cimf: duodecimfid
uody: duodynatron
uodr: duodrama
uoty: duotype
duov: duoviri
uovi: duoviri
lexs: duplexs
durh: durham
ryod: duryodhana
dusc: duscle
duss: dusserah
stbl: dustblu
tcov: dustcover
ustt: dusttight
stuk: dustuk
dusu: dusun
utym: dutymonger
dutr: dutra
dutu: dutuburi
utub: dutuburi
tyns: duvetyns
uxel: duxelles
xell: duxelles
dvig: dvigu
vigu: dvigu
vorn: dvornik
walm: dwalm
dwam: dwamish
arfn: dwarfness
dwyk: dwyka
wyka: dwyka
dzig: dziggetai
dzun: dzungar
glel: eaglelike
rjew: earjewel
rldu: earlduck
thgr: earthgrubber
hgru: earthgrubber
rthk: earthkin
thki: earthkin
hsmo: earthsmoke
ebbm: ebbman
bbma: ebbman
ebbs: ebbs
ebca: ebcasc
bcdi: ebcdic
cdic: ebcdic
cbas: ecbasis
cbat: ecbatic
stps: ecblastpsis
tpsi: ecblastpsis
ccyc: eccyclema
ccye: eccyesis
faud: echafaudage
dnae: echidnae
dnid: echidnidae
ckeh: eckehart
ecmn: ecmnesia
cmne: ecmnesia
cstr: ecstrophy
ctep: ectepicondylar
ctty: ecttypal
ddai: eddaic
ddyr: eddyroot
dyro: eddyroot
dgre: edgrew
difa: ediface
ediy: ediya
dinb: edinburgh
edmu: edmund
dmun: edmund
edna: edna
edua: eduardo
dsii: edwardsiidae
ffud: effude
ffuv: effuviate
fuvi: effuviate
efik: efik
efov: efoveolate
efph: efph
egbe: egbert
ggcr: eggcrate
ggea: eggeater
ggfi: eggfish
ggfr: eggfruit
ggho: egghot
eggw: eggwhisk
ggwh: eggwhisk
gwhi: eggwhisk
gipt: egipto
ueii: egueiite
isah: ehatisaht
eheu: eheu
ehli: ehlite
ehrw: ehrwaldite
huaw: ehuawa
uawa: ehuawa
ichb: eichbergite
ichh: eichhornia
hhor: eichhornia
yedo: eyedot
yefl: eyeflap
yeis: eyeish
eyem: eyemark
yeop: eyeopener
yero: eyeroot
yesa: eyesalve
yght: eyght
hthl: eighthly
htyf: eightyfold
htpe: eightpenny
eiry: eiry
yrir: eyrir
nhow: eisenhower
foda: eisteddfodau
odau: eisteddfodau
fods: eisteddfods
ejam: ejam
ejic: ejicient
ejoo: ejoo
usde: ejusdem
ekat: ekatantalum
ekeb: ekebergite
khim: ekhimi
ekoi: ekoi
ktod: ektodynamorphic
aiop: elaioplast
bowc: elbowchair
lcaj: elcaja
roaf: electroaffinity
ronv: electronvolt
lekt: elektra
ektr: elektra
leui: eleuin
fenf: elfenfolk
finw: elfinwood
elfk: elfkin
lfsh: elfship
fwif: elfwife
elij: elijah
ijah: elijah
ytrt: elytrtra
trtr: elytrtra
xirs: elixirs
elkd: elkdom
lkdo: elkdom
elkw: elkwood
elmy: elmy
elmw: elmwood
loah: eloah
lrit: elritch
lroq: elroquite
elul: elul
mbap: embaphium
embd: embden
mbde: embden
iidi: embiidina
bonp: embonpoint
ryof: embryoferous
yofe: embryoferous
yois: embryoism
mcei: emceing
emcu: emcumbering
emda: emda
emga: emgalla
emhp: emhpasizing
myds: emyds
mpae: empaestic
mpex: empexa
pexa: empexa
tcis: empiriocritcism
ptyh: emptyhearted
ptyi: emptying
pusa: empusa
mpuz: empuzzle
mrau: emraud
emro: emrode
enaj: enajim
naji: enajim
alyr: enalyron
ncae: encaenia
ncyd: encydlopaedic
cydl: encydlopaedic
ydlo: encydlopaedic
ncui: encuirassed
dgam: endgame
endj: endjunk
ndju: endjunk
dlic: endlichite
doao: endoaortitis
oaor: endoaortitis
doau: endoauscultation
oaus: endoauscultation
emyi: enemying
emyl: enemylike
iaty: energiatye
atye: energiatye
nfoe: enfoeffment
ngao: engaol
nghl: enghle
gysc: engyscope
gyss: engysseismology
gyst: engystomatidae
engj: engjateigur
gjat: engjateigur
eigu: engjateigur
lyns: englyns
engn: engnessang
nhui: enhuile
kidu: enkidu
enmu: enmuffle
eaet: enneaeteric
eagy: enneagynous
oblm: ennoblment
blme: ennoblment
nuie: ennuied
uied: ennuied
uyee: ennuyee
nuyi: ennuying
enph: enphytotic
npia: enpia
enrh: enrheum
erfm: enserfment
gncy: ensigncy
gnci: ensigncies
ignh: ensignhood
ignr: ensignry
gnry: ensignry
ntfa: entfaoilff
tfao: entfaoilff
faoi: entfaoilff
aoil: entfaoilff
ilff: entfaoilff
alpy: enthalpy
mofa: entomofauna
ntte: entte
nvay: envaye
vaye: envaye
rgur: envergure
nzyg: enzygotic
zyms: enzyms
eogh: eoghanacht
epeu: epeus
beib: ephebeibeia
beub: ephebeubea
ubea: ephebeubea
hpha: ephphatha
pidy: epidymides
pigu: epiguanine
pihi: epihippus
ihip: epihippus
keia: epikeia
inyc: epinyctis
nyny: epionynychia
ynyc: epionynychia
pirh: epirhizous
sioh: episiohematoma
skot: episkotister
itrc: epitrchelia
trch: epitrchelia
epiv: epivalve
epix: epixylous
ixyl: epixylous
epoo: epoophoron
poea: epopoean
xyed: epoxyed
eqpt: eqpt
uaev: equaeval
uiar: equiarticulate
uibi: equibiradiate
uicr: equicrural
uiel: equielliptical
uiex: equiexcellency
uigl: equiglacial
quij: equijacent
brir: equilibriria
uilu: equilucent
uimu: equimultiple
uiom: equiomnipotent
iomn: equiomnipotent
ivoq: equivoque
equv: equvalent
quva: equvalent
erdv: erdvark
rgme: ergmeter
htoi: erichtoid
ryht: eryhtrism
yhtr: eryhtrism
inys: erinys
ysib: erysibe
rrsy: errsyn
vipi: ervipiame
rvum: ervum
rzah: erzahler
zahl: erzahler
sbat: esbatement
schs: eschscholtzia
esgu: esguard
imoe: eskimoes
moiz: eskimoized
kual: eskualdun
necy: esnecy
sopg: esopgi
yica: essayical
stoq: estoque
eott: etchareottine
ethc: ethchlorvynol
hchl: ethchlorvynol
orvy: ethchlorvynol
rvyn: ethchlorvynol
vyno: ethchlorvynol
ldel: etheneldeli
hysu: ethysulphuric
hmyp: ethmyphitis
hmof: ethmofrontal
mofr: ethmofrontal
hnal: ethnal
hnof: ethnoflora
ycaf: ethoxycaffeine
tnea: etnean
euah: euahlayi
uahl: euahlayi
hlay: euahlayi
eubr: eubranchipus
eubt: eubteria
pteo: eucalypteol
eucg: eucgia
ucgi: eucgia
cgia: eucgia
hlae: euchlaena
ucyc: eucyclic
eucn: eucnemidae
ucne: eucnemidae
euec: euectic
uect: euectic
euem: euemerism
eufl: euflavine
uhed: euhedral
eukt: euktolite
ukto: euktolite
lpiq: eumolpique
euod: euodic
uort: euorthoptera
euos: euosmite
uosm: euosmite
euou: euouae
uoua: euouae
ouae: euouae
phue: euphues
pyrc: eupyrchroite
yrch: eupyrchroite
upot: eupotamic
rycl: euryclea
uryd: eurydice
uryh: euryhaline
ryha: euryhaline
ypyl: eurypylous
rysc: euryscope
hmie: eurythmies
uryz: euryzygous
ryzy: euryzygous
eusc: euscaro
eusy: eusynchite
euso: eusol
vadn: evadne
cenr: evanescenrly
enrl: evanescenrly
nrly: evanescenrly
evej: evejar
veja: evejar
eveq: eveque
vequ: eveque
rwho: everwho
evew: eveweed
lsay: evilsayer
evoe: evoe
vviv: evviva
xaes: exaestuate
xams: exams
xapp: exappendiculate
xare: exareolate
xauc: exauctorate
xaud: exaudi
xaun: exaun
zeex: exauthorizeexc
xcau: excaudate
xced: excedent
rpto: excerptor
rpts: excerpts
xcir: excircle
itov: excitovascular
xclo: exclosure
xcoe: excoecaria
xcon: exconjugant
xcri: excriminate
xdel: exdelicto
xdie: exdie
exea: exeat
xece: execeptional
xecs: execs
xect: exect
rixs: executrixship
ixsh: executrixship
lupl: exemplupla
exeu: exeunt
xeun: exeunt
exfe: exfetation
xfle: exflect
exgo: exgorgitation
xgor: exgorgitation
xhan: exhance
exhb: exhbn
xhbn: exhbn
xhus: exhusband
exla: exla
xlex: exlex
xmer: exmeridian
exmo: exmoor
xmoo: exmoor
xoar: exoarteritis
xocc: exoccipital
oelu: exocoelum
xogy: exogyra
xogo: exogonium
xolu: exolution
xolv: exolve
xonu: exonuclease
xorg: exorganic
xorh: exorhason
xorm: exormia
xort: exortion
xosc: exosculation
xpal: expalpate
expd: expdt
xpdt: expdt
xpet: expetible
expy: expy
xpri: exprimable
xptl: exptl
xpui: expuition
expw: expwy
xpwy: expwy
exru: exrupeal
xrup: exrupeal
exrx: exrx
lpta: exsculptate
xseq: exsequatur
xshe: exsheath
xsil: exsiliency
xspo: exspoliation
xsud: exsudate
xsus: exsuscitate
extg: extg
exty: extypal
xtog: extogenous
xtoo: extoolitic
raeq: extraequilibrium
aovu: extraovular
xtun: extund
xucc: exuccous
xuco: exucontian
xula: exulate
xuld: exulding
xulu: exululate
xupe: exuperable
xurg: exurge
xusc: exuscitate
xust: exust
exxo: exxon
xxon: exxon
exzo: exzodiacal
xzod: exzodiacal
ezod: ezod
ezra: ezra
faad: faade
aade: faade
faai: faailk
aail: faailk
cecl: facecloth
ceha: faceharden
ceup: faceup
edny: fadednyess
dnye: fadednyess
fady: fady
fadl: fadlike
fadr: fadridden
fads: fads
aenc: faence
fafn: fafnir
fnir: fafnir
fags: fags
ahlo: fahlore
nhet: fahrenhett
fayi: faying
faik: faikes
fayl: fayles
lsaf: failsafe
lsof: failsoft
faip: faipule
iryd: fairydom
ryfl: fairyfloss
iryh: fairyhood
irys: fairyship
airk: fairkeeper
fayu: fayumic
ayum: fayumic
faky: faky
fako: fakofo
kofo: fakofo
lcun: falcunculus
ldet: faldetta
lsef: falseface
lsum: falsum
luns: faluns
falx: falx
famb: famble
ameu: fameuse
cyin: fancying
ncym: fancymonger
ncyw: fancywork
cywo: fancywork
fanh: fanhouse
fank: fankle
tasq: fantasque
teeg: fanteeg
anwr: fanwright
faon: faon
fape: fapesmo
qirs: faqirs
uirs: faquirs
rmto: farmtown
mwif: farmwife
gdea: farthingdeal
tlek: fartlek
farw: farweltered
fase: fasels
fasn: fasnacht
faso: fasola
tiia: fastiia
fatc: fatcake
ihah: fatihah
atuu: fatuus
fauf: faufel
ufel: faufel
faug: faugh
aujd: faujdar
ulkl: faulkland
ulkn: faulkner
aulx: faulx
aunl: faunlike
auxb: fauxbourdon
uxbo: fauxbourdon
xbou: fauxbourdon
fava: favaginous
favn: favn
vuse: favuses
fawk: fawkener
wken: fawkener
wnsk: fawnskin
fdty: fdtype
feab: feaberry
feag: feague
fecc: fecche
fech: fechnerian
ckul: feckulence
yeen: fedayeen
difr: fedifragous
fedn: fedn
feds: feds
feea: feeable
gstu: feedingstuff
fefn: fefnicute
efni: fefnicute
fnic: fefnicute
fegs: fegs
fehm: fehmic
ijoa: feijoa
feil: feil
elaf: felafel
wred: fellowred
lsob: felsobanyite
tyfl: feltyflier
eltn: feltness
elup: felup
femc: femcee
femp: fempty
feng: fengite
fenk: fenks
enks: fenks
fenr: fenrir
nrir: fenrir
fenu: fenugreek
enug: fenugreek
nugr: fenugreek
fenz: fenzelia
eods: feods
feow: feower
idji: feridji
ijee: ferijee
rnye: fernyear
rroh: ferrohydrocyanic
fese: fesels
fetw: fetwa
euag: feuage
feuc: feucht
eudu: feudum
feul: feulamort
wtri: fewtrils
feze: fezes
zziw: fezziwig
ziwi: fezziwig
fgri: fgrid
fhre: fhrer
fiad: fiador
iatc: fiatconfirmatio
fiau: fiaunt
fibd: fibdom
ibdo: fibdom
broh: fibrohemorrhagic
ficc: ficche
idaw: fidawi
fidf: fidfad
dfad: fidfad
dfig: fieldfight
rceh: fiercehearted
rcly: fiercly
fieu: fieulamort
fifo: fifo
ftyf: fiftyfold
gboy: figboy
figo: figo
figp: figpecker
gpec: figpecker
fikh: fikh
fots: fylfots
lgja: fylgja
lgju: fylgjur
gjur: fylgjur
lioq: filioque
fylk: fylker
leul: filleul
mgoi: filmgoing
lmsl: filmslide
filu: filum
finj: finjan
fipe: fipenny
fiqh: fiqh
firb: firbolg
firc: firca
yrdu: fyrdung
firy: firy
firl: firlot
irmh: firmhearted
irmw: firmware
firo: firoloida
rstb: firstborn
rstc: firstcomer
hpou: fishpound
shsk: fishskin
hski: fishskin
shsp: fishspear
hwiv: fishwives
fisn: fisnoga
fitr: fitroot
fitw: fitweed
tzcl: fitzclarence
zcla: fitzclarence
fivi: fivish
ixag: fixage
xatu: fixature
fixg: fixgig
ixgi: fixgig
xgig: fixgig
izzw: fizzwater
zzwa: fizzwater
zwat: fizzwater
fjar: fjarding
fjer: fjerding
jerd: fjerding
lagb: flagboat
agfa: flagfall
flaj: flajolotite
lajo: flajolotite
mfew: flamfew
mmiv: flammivomous
tnos: flatnose
vopr: flavoprotein
vopu: flavopurpurin
laxd: flaxdrop
axdr: flaxdrop
xdro: flaxdrop
laxm: flaxman
laxt: flaxtail
axta: flaxtail
xwen: flaxwench
xwif: flaxwife
fldx: fldxt
ldxt: fldxt
ecef: fleeceflower
eecy: fleecy
eshb: fleshbrush
hlil: fleshlily
eshq: fleshquake
bety: flibbertigibbety
icfl: flicflac
cfla: flicflac
flyn: flyness
ngdu: flingdust
lyof: flyoff
flio: flioma
lipj: flipjack
lixw: flixweed
ixwe: flixweed
atpl: floatplane
loey: floey
oerk: floerkea
floi: floit
loyt: floyt
flok: flokite
odpl: floodplain
wcon: flowcontrol
flri: flrie
luib: fluible
dgly: fluidglycerate
uyts: fluyts
ukil: flukily
mdid: flumdiddle
nkyd: flunkydom
nkyh: flunkyhood
kyit: flunkyite
kyiz: flunkyize
uoar: fluoarsenate
uobr: fluobromide
uoch: fluochloride
uorh: fluorhydric
flup: fluphenazine
lurn: flurn
uteb: flutebird
luty: fluty
viov: fluviovolcanic
luxg: fluxgraph
uxgr: fluxgraph
xgra: fluxgraph
luxm: fluxmeter
uxme: fluxmeter
xmet: fluxmeter
luxr: fluxroot
uxro: fluxroot
luxw: fluxweed
uxwe: fluxweed
fnam: fname
oamf: foamflower
fobs: fobs
focs: focsle
ocsl: focsle
csle: focsle
cusl: focusless
fode: foder
ehnl: foehnlike
hnli: foehnlike
foei: foeish
oenn: foenngreek
enng: foenngreek
nngr: foenngreek
fofa: fofarraw
gbou: fogbound
fogp: fogproof
ogru: fogrum
ogsc: fogscoffer
foyb: foyboat
oybo: foyboat
foit: foiter
fokk: fokker
folc: folcgemot
olcg: folcgemot
lcge: folcgemot
cgem: folcgemot
ldaw: foldaway
folg: folgerite
iagi: foliaging
liic: foliicolous
iico: foliicolous
olkb: folkboat
olkc: folkcraft
lkcr: folkcraft
olkf: folkfree
lkfr: folkfree
olkr: folkright
lksa: folksay
ksay: folksay
lkse: folksey
lksy: folksy
fols: folsom
foma: fomalhaut
onct: fonctionnaire
fonl: fonly
fono: fono
ontf: fontful
foob: foobar
ooyo: fooyoung
ooyu: fooyung
tfau: footfault
otfe: footfeed
otga: footganger
tgel: footgeld
otgl: footglove
fopd: fopdoodle
fopl: fopling
rbye: forbye
epsl: forcepslike
cepu: forceput
gahg: foregahger
ahge: foregahger
hger: foregahger
ehoc: forehock
esey: foresey
rfex: forfex
fouc: forfouchten
getn: forgetness
rjes: forjesket
jesk: forjesket
rksf: forksful
rlef: forleft
rmby: formby
mern: formerness
mnai: formnail
rmox: formoxime
rrue: forrue
thby: forthby
hcam: forthcame
hgaz: forthgaze
thpu: forthputting
ifys: fortifys
rtuu: fortuuned
tuun: fortuuned
uune: fortuuned
forv: forvay
rvay: forvay
orwh: forwhy
rwhy: forwhy
rwod: forwoden
orwr: forwrap
fosh: fosh
sslf: fosslfying
slfy: fosslfying
lfyi: fosslfying
slol: fosslology
foti: fotive
fotm: fotmal
fotu: fotui
ougu: fougue
ulbr: foulbrood
foum: foumart
rfiu: fourfiusher
fius: fourfiusher
iush: fourfiusher
ovei: foveiform
veif: foveiform
fowk: fowk
wlfo: fowlfoot
foxc: foxchop
xcho: foxchop
xery: foxery
oxfe: foxfeet
xfee: foxfeet
xfin: foxfinger
foxp: foxproof
oxpr: foxproof
foxw: foxwood
fozy: fozy
fplo: fplot
psps: fpsps
idyc: fraidycat
ilej: frailejon
rakf: frakfurt
kple: frankpledge
audp: fraudproof
fraw: frawn
axet: fraxetin
xinu: fraxinus
frde: frden
eeby: freeby
doot: freedoot
eefd: freefd
ekir: freekirker
eyci: freycinetia
eiez: freiezlebenhe
iezl: freiezlebenhe
zleb: freiezlebenhe
htya: freightyard
reyj: freyja
eyja: freyja
reij: freijo
reyr: freyr
emdl: fremdly
mdly: fremdly
emdn: fremdness
mdne: fremdness
remt: fremt
nzyi: frenzying
freo: freon
iedc: friedcake
chsd: friedrichsdor
hsdo: friedrichsdor
dliw: friendliwise
iezy: friezy
iezi: friezing
igag: frigage
gefo: fringefoot
risz: friszka
iszk: friszka
szka: friszka
hsok: frithsoken
tnie: fritniency
friu: friulian
riul: friulian
frix: frixion
rogb: frogbit
ogfl: frogflower
ogsp: frogspawn
rogt: frogtongue
rogw: frogwort
froh: frohlich
rohl: frohlich
frok: frokin
ntbe: frontbencher
frop: froppish
ouzy: frouzy
wsty: frowsty
wzle: frowzled
wzly: frowzly
frub: frubbish
uitb: fruitbearing
fruz: fruz
frwy: frwy
fsie: fsiest
fsto: fstore
fthm: fthm
ftnc: ftncmd
tncm: ftncmd
ncmd: ftncmd
fuag: fuage
hsit: fuchsite
fuds: fuds
fuer: fuerte
fugs: fugs
fuid: fuidhir
uidh: fuidhir
idhi: fuidhir
dhir: fuidhir
fuye: fuye
ujis: fujis
fuld: fulfulde
fulk: fulk
lbod: fullbodied
fulu: fulup
ulup: fulup
fulw: fulwa
fulz: fulzie
umew: fumewort
funb: funbre
funj: funje
funl: funli
furp: furphy
urud: furud
rzed: furzed
rzer: furzery
zeto: furzetop
urzy: furzy
fush: fusht
sobt: fusobteria
ilug: fustilugs
futw: futwa
zbal: fuzzball
uzzt: fuzztail
zzta: fuzztail
ztai: fuzztail
fwel: fwelling
gaat: gaatch
aatc: gaatch
lunz: gaberlunzie
gabg: gabgab
abga: gabgab
bgab: gabgab
ielr: gabrielrache
gabs: gabs
dbee: gadbee
dhel: gadhelic
gadl: gadling
gadm: gadman
dsbo: gadsbodikins
adsl: gadslid
adui: gaduin
gadz: gadzooks
aeld: gaeldom
aelt: gaeltacht
ffky: gaffkya
fkya: gaffkya
gagt: gagtooth
agto: gagtooth
gagw: gagwriter
agwr: gagwriter
gahr: gahrwali
ahrw: gahrwali
gayb: gaybine
gayc: gaycat
gayd: gaydiang
aydi: gaydiang
gaid: gaidropsaridae
aidr: gaidropsaridae
yety: gayety
gayy: gayyou
ayyo: gayyou
yyou: gayyou
gayi: gayish
gaym: gayment
gayp: gaypoo
gaiu: gaius
gaiz: gaize
ctem: galactemia
tuom: galantuomo
yacs: galyacs
ionj: galionji
poip: galipoipin
oipi: galipoipin
galj: galjoen
ljoe: galjoen
joen: galjoen
leyp: galleypot
riie: galleriies
iies: galleriies
ybeg: gallybeggar
ufry: gallimaufry
ufri: gallimaufries
ywas: gallywasp
owgl: gallowglass
wgla: gallowglass
owsn: gallowsness
wsne: gallowsness
wswa: gallowsward
alvv: galvvanoscopy
lvva: galvvanoscopy
vvan: galvvanoscopy
galz: galziekte
mdeb: gamdeboo
amge: gamgee
mgee: gamgee
amgi: gamgia
mgia: gamgia
mmex: gammexane
mexa: gammexane
tmee: gandertmeeth
dhia: gandhian
dhii: gandhiism
nefs: ganefs
nevs: ganevs
njas: ganjas
ntsl: gantsl
aolb: gaolbird
olbi: gaolbird
aols: gaols
gapy: gapy
arhw: garhwali
rhwa: garhwali
okuh: garookuh
arrn: garrnishable
rrni: garrnishable
arud: garuda
vanz: garvanzo
gasf: gasfiring
asfi: gasfiring
xyns: gastroxynsis
troz: gastrozooid
tewr: gatewright
gatl: gatling
tsby: gatsby
gaui: gauily
auil: gauily
gauk: gauk
uzew: gauzewing
auzy: gauzy
viif: gaviiformes
gavy: gavyuti
vyut: gavyuti
yuti: gavyuti
gawb: gawby
awby: gawby
awce: gawcey
wcey: gawcey
awci: gawcie
wcie: gawcie
gawg: gawgaw
awkh: gawkhammer
wkha: gawkhammer
wkih: gawkihood
gawm: gawm
gawp: gawp
awsy: gawsy
zang: gazangabin
azeh: gazehound
gazy: gazy
azoz: gazoz
gazu: gazump
zump: gazump
gebb: gebbie
ckoi: geckoid
cktw: gedecktwork
ktwo: gedecktwork
gedr: gedrite
geds: geds
geec: geechee
geej: geejee
lbek: geelbek
geet: geet
ltef: gefulltefish
ehey: gehey
imra: geheimrat
mrat: geheimrat
gehl: gehlenite
geya: geyan
geig: geiger
geyl: geylies
eitj: geitjie
itji: geitjie
geln: gelndesprung
elnd: gelndesprung
lnde: gelndesprung
ichk: gemutlichkeit
gemw: gemwork
emwo: gemwork
enek: geneki
neki: geneki
tmoi: genetmoil
viev: genevieve
enyp: genyplasty
enys: genys
izah: genizah
veva: genoveva
lhom: gentilhomme
upec: genupectoral
eoae: geoaesthesia
eoag: geoagronomic
eoem: geoemtry
oemt: geoemtry
emtr: geoemtry
mtry: geoemtry
metd: geometdecrne
etde: geometdecrne
tdec: geometdecrne
ecrn: geometdecrne
crne: geometdecrne
gepe: gepeoo
peoo: gepeoo
gerc: gercrow
ermf: germfree
rmfr: germfree
ermp: germproof
rvao: gervao
gesl: gesling
gesu: gesundheit
gesw: geswarp
etfd: getfd
etmj: getmjlkost
tmjl: getmjlkost
mjlk: getmjlkost
jlko: getmjlkost
getp: getpenny
etpe: getpenny
tysb: gettysburg
eull: geullah
gawy: gewgawy
gawr: gewgawry
geze: gezerah
rnao: gharnao
waze: ghawazee
azne: ghaznevid
znev: ghaznevid
raoi: gheraoing
hilz: ghilzai
ilza: ghilzai
lzai: ghilzai
ghio: ghiordes
ghru: ghrush
beux: giambeux
antk: giantkind
ntki: giantkind
yasc: gyascutus
giba: gibaro
bbus: gibbus
ibeo: gibeonite
beon: gibeonite
gybi: gybing
gibo: giboia
gibr: gibraltar
ddap: giddap
ddea: giddea
gidy: gidyea
gidj: gidjee
gied: gied
gifb: gifblaar
ifbl: gifblaar
fbla: gifblaar
laar: gifblaar
giff: giffgaff
iffg: giffgaff
ffga: giffgaff
fgaf: giffgaff
iftu: gifture
igav: gigavolt
gigb: gigback
gyge: gyges
gigf: gigful
gigh: gighe
ygis: gygis
gigt: gigtree
igtr: gigtree
giin: giinwale
iinw: giinwale
lguy: gilguy
liak: giliak
ygau: gillygaupus
ilpe: gilpey
lpey: gilpey
ilpy: gilpy
iltc: giltcup
tcup: giltcup
iltt: gilttail
ltta: gilttail
gilv: gilver
balj: gimbaljawed
mbaw: gimbawawed
wawe: gimbawawed
gymm: gymmal
gymp: gympie
ymsi: gymsia
ymsl: gymslip
eceu: gynaeceum
cicg: gynecicgynecidal
icgy: gynecicgynecidal
cgyn: gynecicgynecidal
glyf: ginglyform
nglm: ginglmi
glmi: ginglmi
kgoe: ginkgoes
ginm: ginmill
iumc: gynoeciumcia
mcia: gynoeciumcia
ginw: ginward
nzoe: ginzoes
gioj: giojoso
iojo: giojoso
joso: giojoso
gyok: gyokuro
giov: giovanni
gypa: gypaetus
gype: gype
yppo: gyppo
pseo: gypseous
sywi: gypsywise
fesq: giraffesque
ffoi: giraffoid
foid: giraffoid
girb: girba
girj: girja
irja: girja
girk: girkin
rlch: girlchild
rlfu: girlfully
irna: girnal
yrow: gyrowheel
gyse: gyse
gisp: gispin
emuk: gitanemuk
gyte: gyte
gitk: gitksan
itks: gitksan
tksa: gitksan
gytl: gytling
ytli: gytling
gytr: gytrash
gytt: gyttja
yttj: gyttja
ttja: gyttja
giul: giulio
giun: giunta
iunt: giunta
yves: gyves
gyvi: gyving
zmos: gizmos
zern: gizzern
gjed: gjedost
jedo: gjedost
cioa: glacioaqueous
ioaq: glacioaqueous
dkai: gladkaite
laie: glaieul
ketn: glaiketness
kitn: glaikitness
lasw: glaswegian
azew: glazework
ycyp: glycyphyllin
glys: glyster
tnir: glitnir
gloy: gloy
pnen: glopnen
ssok: glossokinesthetic
glub: glub
gluh: gluhwein
luhw: gluhwein
uhwe: gluhwein
luil: gluily
gluo: gluon
luon: gluon
ttei: gluttei
gnae: gnaeus
natf: gnatflower
natp: gnatproof
natw: gnatworm
gnow: gnow
goaf: goaf
goaj: goajiro
oaji: goajiro
jiro: goajiro
goar: goar
tpox: goatpox
tsbe: goatsbeard
egoo: gobbledegook
linr: goblinry
gobm: gobmouthed
gobu: goburra
dawf: godawful
ddiz: goddize
odfo: godforsaken
odfr: godfrey
godk: godkin
dsak: godsake
dsib: godsib
goeb: goebbels
oebb: goebbels
gogm: gogmagog
gohi: gohila
goia: goiabada
oiab: goiabada
oyaz: goyazite
goye: goyetian
oyim: goyim
goys: goys
oitc: goitcho
goku: gokuraku
ndaa: golandaas
daas: golandaas
ldcu: goldcup
dcup: goldcup
denk: goldenknop
ldsi: goldsinny
ldth: goldthread
golk: golkakra
lkak: golkakra
kakr: golkakra
omav: gomavel
goml: gomlah
omuk: gomukhi
gonc: goncalo
nyau: gonyaulax
ulax: gonyaulax
nyde: gonydeal
nifs: gonifs
nyoc: gonyocele
podp: gonopodpodia
dhap: goodhap
dhum: goodhumoredness
odna: goodnaturedness
odni: goodnight
dtem: goodtemperedness
gooe: gooey
gooz: goozle
rdya: gordyaean
dyae: gordyaean
yaea: gordyaean
gorf: gorfly
sedd: gorsedd
oshd: goshdarn
gosm: gosmore
sipd: gossipdom
ipdo: gossipdom
ypiu: gossypium
ottf: gottfried
ttfr: gottfried
tfri: gottfried
ujay: goujay
urdh: gourdhead
ounu: gourounut
govt: govt
wdni: gowdnie
wdno: gowdnook
wfer: gowfer
gowi: gowiddie
owid: gowiddie
goze: gozell
gozi: gozill
gpad: gpad
gpcd: gpcd
gpss: gpss
aafi: graafian
rafs: grafship
aftd: graftdom
yhai: grayhair
ysby: graysby
ysbi: graysbies
grak: grakle
dbab: grandbaby
deei: grandeeism
dtot: grandtotal
nnyk: grannyknot
nykn: grannyknot
pefl: grapeflower
sfla: grassflat
ssnu: grassnut
assq: grassquit
ssqu: grassquit
auwa: grauwacke
uwac: grauwacke
graw: grawls
recq: grecque
ekdo: greekdom
ekiz: greekize
ffot: greffotome
eyia: greyiaceae
yiac: greyiaceae
reyp: greypate
eysk: greyskin
eywe: greywether
grek: greking
ewia: grewia
grex: grex
idlo: gridlock
ieko: grieko
ffau: griffaun
finh: griffinhood
hyas: grihyasutra
yasu: grihyasutra
rimg: grimgribber
imgr: grimgribber
mgri: grimgribber
grys: grysbok
rysb: grysbok
ysbo: grysbok
risg: grisgris
sgri: grisgris
rivn: grivna
ivna: grivna
zlym: grizzlyman
dael: groenendael
dwet: grondwet
oovy: groovy
roow: groow
orud: grorudite
oszy: groszy
towo: grottowork
rotz: grotzen
dnee: groundneedle
ndnu: groundnut
oupt: groupthink
oupw: groupwise
gupn: growingupness
wthf: growthful
wthy: growthy
wthi: growthiness
wthl: growthless
rubh: grubhood
gruc: grucche
geki: grudgekin
ruys: gruys
grul: grulla
runz: grunzie
gtea: gteau
dagn: guadagnini
ahiv: guahivo
ayaq: guayaqui
uayr: guayroto
guak: guaka
naye: guanayes
naju: guanajuatite
juat: guanajuatite
guaq: guaque
pucu: guarapucu
tuso: guatuso
guau: guauaenok
uaua: guauaenok
auae: guauaenok
uaen: guauaenok
vabe: guavaberry
guax: guaxima
uaxi: guaxima
uazz: guazzo
rniy: guberniya
udew: gudewife
gudr: gudrun
guej: guejarite
uelf: guelf
gufa: gufa
faws: guffaws
gufo: gufought
guga: gugal
uhay: guhayna
guyd: guydom
uydo: guydom
idsi: guidsire
uige: guige
guyi: guying
guij: guijo
uijo: guijo
uilf: guilfat
guyl: guyline
iltf: guiltful
guys: guys
itgu: guitguit
guyt: guytrash
uytr: guytrash
guyw: guywire
uywi: guywire
guje: gujerat
gujr: gujrati
ujra: gujrati
jrat: gujrati
ulfy: gulfy
ulfl: gulflike
lfsi: gulfside
gulg: gulgul
gulm: gulmohar
gulr: gulravage
gumc: gumchewer
gumh: gumhar
umih: gumihan
gunh: gunhouse
nyeh: gunyeh
nwha: gunwhale
gupt: guptavidya
rjar: gurjara
urju: gurjun
gurm: gurmukhi
rmuk: gurmukhi
gusa: gusain
gutb: gutbucket
tnic: gutnic
tnis: gutnish
guzm: guzmania
uzma: guzmania
guzu: guzul
weeo: gweeon
eeon: gweeon
werz: gwerziou
ziou: gwerziou
wyni: gwyniad
haab: haab
aafs: haafs
haak: haak
bakk: habakkuk
kkuk: habakkuk
bnab: habnab
habs: habsburg
absb: habsburg
bsbu: habsburg
ccuc: haccucal
ceks: haceks
kmal: hackmall
hacq: hacqueton
hadh: hadhramautian
adhr: hadhramautian
djem: hadjemi
djes: hadjes
djis: hadjis
adnt: hadnt
aems: haems
hafg: hafgan
afga: hafgan
hafl: haflin
fnia: hafnia
afny: hafnyl
fnyl: hafnyl
gbor: hagborn
gden: hagden
ggei: haggeis
gtap: hagtaper
hniu: hahnium
aydn: haydn
hayg: haygrower
aikw: haikwan
ikwa: haikwan
rdod: hairdodos
iryc: hairychested
airu: hairup
hayz: hayz
ajib: hajib
ajje: hajjes
jjes: hajjes
jjis: hajjis
akaf: hakafoth
kafo: hakafoth
afot: hakafoth
euzl: hakenkreuzler
lfbl: halfblood
fblo: halfblood
alfy: halfy
fmoo: halfmoon
lftr: halftrack
fway: halfway
fwit: halfwit
iaee: haliaeetus
ifax: halifax
llci: hallcist
wday: hallowday
alsf: halsfang
lsfa: halsfang
sfan: halsfang
lukk: halukkah
hamd: hamdmaid
amdm: hamdmaid
mdma: hamdmaid
etug: hametugs
mfar: hamfare
hamh: hamhung
amhu: hamhung
mhun: hamhung
ingj: hamingja
mmam: hammam
motz: hamotzi
mron: hamrongite
mzas: hamzas
dbol: handbolt
dbow: handbow
dybl: handyblow
ndyc: handycuff
dycu: handycuff
ycuf: handycuff
yfig: handyfight
dyfr: handyframe
yfra: handyframe
ndiw: handiwork
diwo: handiwork
dsbr: handsbreadth
dsfu: handsful
dwov: handwoven
efiy: hanefiyeh
gups: hangups
ifiy: hanifiya
fiya: hanifiya
nayi: hannayite
somc: hansomcab
mcab: hansomcab
haom: haoma
paxa: hapaxanthous
hapc: hapchance
apch: hapchance
apsb: hapsburg
psbu: hapsburg
borf: harborful
borm: harbormaster
dbak: hardbake
dboi: hardboiled
dcop: hardcopy
rdfe: hardfern
rdys: hardystonite
rdsc: hardscrabble
ssry: harnessry
rnpa: harnpan
rpax: harpaxophobia
paxo: harpaxophobia
rpyi: harpyia
pyia: harpyia
rpyl: harpylike
aytu: harpwaytuning
owtr: harrowtry
rtti: harttite
veia: harveian
tbug: harvestbug
estt: harvesttime
arzb: harzburgite
askn: haskness
tifn: hastifness
ifne: hastifness
ilud: hastilude
gsit: hastingsite
hetb: hatchetback
chga: hatchgate
tikv: hatikvah
ufli: hauflin
uyne: hauyne
uyni: hauynite
uyno: hauynophyre
aulb: haulback
ausm: hausmannite
veag: haveage
havl: havlagah
avla: havlagah
vlag: havlagah
vocs: havocs
aiit: hawaiite
wcua: hawcuaite
wcub: hawcubite
wkli: hawklike
wknu: hawknut
ksbe: hawksbeak
wkwi: hawkwise
wseh: hawsehole
wsem: hawseman
zelh: hazelhen
hazl: hazle
azna: haznadar
znad: haznadar
hdbk: hdbk
hdkf: hdkf
hdlc: hdlc
hdqr: hdqrs
dqrs: hdqrs
hdwe: hdwe
eadk: headkerchief
adke: headkerchief
dshr: headshrinker
adsk: headskin
adsq: headsquare
dsqu: headsquare
adti: headtire
dtir: headtire
lthg: healthguard
thgu: healthguard
hgua: healthguard
eapy: heapy
rtde: heartdeep
tdee: heartdeep
rtik: heartikin
rtnu: heartnut
rtpe: heartpea
artq: heartquake
rtqu: heartquake
twou: heartwounding
hbrd: heathbrd
thfo: heathfowl
hfow: heathfowl
thrm: heathrman
avyb: heavyback
vyba: heavyback
sogm: heavinsogme
vyse: heavyset
heaz: heazy
mcad: hebdomcad
begy: hebegynous
egyn: hebegynous
ebeo: hebeosteotomy
beos: hebeosteotomy
hsmh: hecchsmhaer
smha: hecchsmhaer
mhae: hecchsmhaer
ecct: hecctkaerre
cctk: hecctkaerre
ctka: hecctkaerre
tkae: hecctkaerre
kaer: hecctkaerre
ctow: hectowatt
edyc: hedychium
edyp: hedyphane
edys: hedysarum
eiau: heiau
ydeg: heydeguy
eydu: heyduck
yduc: heyduck
ferh: heiferhood
heyg: heygh
heii: heii
ltsu: heiltsuk
eimd: heimdal
mdal: heimdal
eynn: heynne
einz: heinz
heyp: heypen
eype: heypen
irsk: heirskip
kteu: hekteus
ktom: hektometer
helg: helge
liaz: heliazophyte
ysum: helichrysum
lelt: hellelt
metf: helmetflower
metp: helmetpod
tpod: helmetpod
elmh: helmholtzian
lmho: helmholtzian
elml: helmless
lply: helply
lpso: helpsome
gkit: helsingkite
helz: helzel
lzel: helzel
emaf: hemafibrite
iazy: hemiazygous
cliu: hemicyclium
mihd: hemihdry
mipp: hemippe
moal: hemoalkalimeter
emoe: hemoerythrin
empb: hempbush
mpbu: hempbush
iady: hendiadys
ebiq: hennebique
hepb: hepburn
epbu: hepburn
eppl: hepplewhite
edrd: heptahedrdra
rbba: herbbane
erbm: herbman
rbma: herbman
bwif: herbwife
rbwo: herbwoman
edof: heredofamilial
zeld: herezeld
nioe: hernioenterotomy
oicl: heroicly
roif: heroify
oify: heroify
pesv: herpesvirus
svir: herpesvirus
polh: herpolhode
lhod: herpolhode
herq: herquein
errg: herrgrdsost
rgrd: herrgrdsost
grds: herrgrdsost
dsos: herrgrdsost
errn: herrnhuter
rrnh: herrnhuter
rsir: hersir
rzeg: herzegovinian
zego: herzegovinian
oaux: heteroauxin
heua: heuau
euau: heuau
heuk: heuk
heuv: heuvel
wgag: hewgag
xaba: hexabasic
xacy: hexacyclic
osih: hexacosihedroid
xadd: hexadd
xads: hexads
xafl: hexafluoride
xafo: hexafoil
xagl: hexaglot
xapa: hexapartite
xapt: hexapterous
xasc: hexascha
xasu: hexasulphide
xath: hexathlon
exax: hexaxon
xaxo: hexaxon
hexd: hexdra
exdr: hexdra
xdra: hexdra
xenb: hexenbesen
xylr: hexylresorcinol
ylre: hexylresorcinol
exyn: hexyne
xoes: hexoestrol
exoi: hexoic
xoic: hexoic
exoy: hexoylene
xoyl: hexoylene
exok: hexokinase
xoki: hexokinase
hexp: hexpartite
xsub: hexsub
heze: hezekiah
hgrn: hgrnotine
grno: hgrnotine
hgwy: hgwy
hyad: hyades
hyah: hyahya
yahy: hyahya
ahya: hyahya
kume: hyakume
hiaw: hiawatha
iawa: hiawatha
bodu: hybodus
ybos: hybosis
ydag: hydage
dath: hydathode
dnoi: hydnoid
ydnu: hydnum
ctya: hydrodictyaceae
ydeh: hydroxydehydrocorticosterone
ytry: hydroxytryptamine
oxyz: hydroxyzine
xyzi: hydroxyzine
hiei: hieing
ielm: hielmite
ofal: hierofalco
higd: higdon
ygeo: hygeology
ehag: higglehaggle
ghbu: highbush
hlif: highlife
hliv: highliving
hlow: highlow
ighp: highpockets
hpoc: highpockets
htob: hightoby
htop: hightop
ighv: highveld
ghve: highveld
hiji: hijinks
hijr: hijra
ijra: hijra
hyke: hyke
hiku: hikuli
ldeg: hildegarde
iumn: hymeniumnia
mnle: hymnless
mnli: hymnlike
ymns: hymns
ymnw: hymnwise
ndde: hinddeck
ddec: hinddeck
dsad: hindsaddle
duiz: hinduize
insd: hinsdalite
nsda: hinsdalite
yobr: hyobranchial
ortd: hiortdahlite
rtda: hiortdahlite
tdah: hiortdahlite
ypax: hypaxial
rexo: hyperexophoria
rhep: hyperhepatia
rlep: hyperleptoprosopic
rlex: hyperlexis
rpno: hyperpnoea
pmol: hipmold
pnal: hypnale
pnob: hypnobate
pnoc: hypnocyst
ypnu: hypnum
pnum: hypnum
poae: hypoaeolian
oaeo: hypoaeolian
oalo: hypoalonemia
poam: hypoaminoacidemia
poan: hypoantimonate
poaz: hypoazoturia
ochd: hypochdria
poel: hypoeliminator
poeo: hypoeosinophilia
ypof: hypofunction
pofu: hypofunction
geug: hypogeugea
oeou: hypophloeous
posk: hyposkeletal
hecs: hypothecs
psob: hypsobathymetric
hypu: hypural
hyus: hyrachyus
hirn: hirneola
ofum: hirofumi
oyuk: hiroyuki
yrst: hyrst
irtc: hirtch
staz: hystazarin
idhs: hlidhskjalf
dhsk: hlidhskjalf
hlqn: hlqn
oagy: hoagy
aryh: hoaryheaded
oarn: hoarness
axee: hoaxee
oaxp: hoaxproof
axpr: hoaxproof
oazi: hoazin
bbyl: hobbyless
hoyh: hobbledehoyhood
dyge: hobbledygee
hobh: hobhouchin
hobs: hobs
hobt: hobthrush
obth: hobthrush
hocc: hocco
hhut: hochhuth
ktid: hocktide
hodf: hodful
gcho: hogchoker
gcot: hogcote
gfra: hogframe
hogp: hogpen
gtii: hogtiing
ogty: hogtying
gtyi: hogtying
tauf: hohenstaufen
hohn: hohn
ohok: hohokam
hoih: hoihere
oihe: hoihere
hoym: hoyman
hoju: hoju
okku: hokku
lcod: holcodont
holg: holgate
lyok: holyokeite
wfac: hollowfaced
olmb: holmberry
lmbe: holmberry
olmg: holmgang
lmga: holmgang
olms: holms
oloz: holozoic
holw: holw
mefe: homefelt
meyn: homeyness
meob: homeoblastic
meoz: homeozoic
oeoa: homoeoarchy
oeob: homoeoblastic
oeoi: homoeoid
oeok: homoeokinesis
oeoz: homoeozoic
homr: homrai
mrai: homrai
eycr: honeycreeper
ycup: honeycup
yfal: honeyfall
yfug: honeyfugle
eysw: honeysweet
nkyt: honkytonks
nolu: honolulu
honz: honzo
ofbo: hoofbound
ofpr: hoofprint
ofwo: hoofworm
ogaa: hoogaars
okch: hookcheck
oksm: hooksmith
oksw: hookswinging
okti: hooktip
ktip: hooktip
olih: hoolihan
liha: hoolihan
opsk: hoopskirt
otay: hootay
opbu: hopbush
opof: hopoff
hopv: hopvine
pvin: hopvine
tiye: horatiye
rdeu: hordeum
zonl: horizonless
zonw: horizonward
rmep: hormephobia
rnge: horngeld
ornk: hornkeck
nkec: hornkeck
rnsl: hornslate
rnsm: hornsman
rnth: hornthumb
rreu: horreum
rsej: horsejockey
orsf: horsfordite
rsfo: horsfordite
rsyi: horsyism
horv: horvatian
hkis: hotchkiss
telk: hotelkeeper
telw: hotelward
hotk: hotkey
tkey: hotkey
hotz: hotzone
otzo: hotzone
ghsi: houghsinew
houh: houhere
uher: houhere
houy: houyhnhnm
ouyh: houyhnhnm
uyhn: houyhnhnm
yhnh: houyhnhnm
hnhn: houyhnhnm
nhnm: houyhnhnm
houm: houmous
dsba: houndsbane
dsbe: houndsberry
dsfo: houndsfoot
nsku: hounskull
sefr: housefront
useg: houseguest
ekep: housekept
sekk: housekkept
kkep: housekkept
seow: houseowner
wadj: howadji
wbei: howbeit
owea: howea
owev: however
wffs: howffs
owfs: howfs
wsoe: howsoever
wsou: howsour
hrdw: hrdwre
rdwr: hrdwre
imfa: hrimfaxi
mfax: hrimfaxi
hrzn: hrzn
hsie: hsien
hsua: hsuan
huaj: huajillo
huam: huamuchil
ntaj: huantajayite
ajay: huantajayite
jayi: huantajayite
bbob: hubbob
hubn: hubnerite
hucc: huccatoon
kmuc: huckmuck
uddr: huddroun
uddu: huddup
ddup: huddup
huef: hueful
huey: huey
huem: huemul
ffak: huffaker
fcap: huffcap
ghoc: hughoc
hugy: hugy
hugm: hugmatee
ugoe: hugoesque
huia: huia
uyge: huygenian
uygh: huyghenian
yghe: huyghenian
hukb: hukbalahap
huke: huke
huly: huly
dtil: humboldtilite
dtin: humboldtine
mbuz: humbuzz
mdud: humdudgeon
humh: humhum
umhu: humhum
mhum: humhum
mmum: hummum
umuh: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
muhu: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
uhum: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
munu: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
unuk: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
ukun: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
kunu: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
ukua: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
kuap: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
puaa: humuhumunukunukuapuaa
edpe: hundredpenny
hunf: hunfysh
unfy: hunfysh
nfys: hunfysh
fysh: hunfysh
hunh: hunh
huny: hunyak
unkp: hunkpapa
nkpa: hunkpapa
eyha: hurleyhacket
urlw: hurlwind
husc: huscarl
haby: hushaby
shll: hushllsost
hlls: hushllsost
huso: huso
ssyd: hussydom
hutk: hutkeeper
hutr: hutre
tukh: hutukhtu
huur: huurder
uurd: huurder
huve: huvelyk
elyk: huvelyk
huxl: huxleian
uxle: huxleian
xlei: huxleian
huxt: huxter
uxte: huxter
huzo: huzoor
zoor: huzoor
huzv: huzvaresh
uzva: huzvaresh
zvar: huzvaresh
zahe: huzzahed
zahi: huzzahing
zzai: huzzaing
hwyl: hwyl
yacc: yacca
chtd: yachtdom
htdo: yachtdom
yagg: yagger
yagh: yaghourt
yagn: yagnob
yahv: yahveh
ahwe: yahweh
hweh: yahweh
jnav: yajnavalkya
lkya: yajnavalkya
ajno: yajnopavita
jnop: yajnopavita
opav: yajnopavita
katt: yakattalo
yalb: yalb
gtao: yangtao
ngtz: yangtze
gtze: yangtze
yaoo: yaoort
aoor: yaoort
yapl: yaply
yapm: yapman
yapn: yapness
yaqo: yaqona
aqon: yaqona
qona: yaqona
ardk: yardkeep
rdke: yardkeep
arnw: yarnwindle
yarp: yarpha
yasn: yasna
yatv: yatvyag
atvy: yatvyag
tvya: yatvyag
vyag: yatvyag
yaua: yauapery
auap: yauapery
avap: yavapai
vapa: yavapai
awey: yawey
yawy: yawy
yawi: yawing
wlsm: yawlsman
awnp: yawnproof
awnu: yawnups
wped: yawped
awps: yawps
yawr: yawroot
wshr: yawshrub
yaww: yawweed
yaxc: yaxche
yaza: yazata
zata: yazata
yazd: yazdegerdian
zdeg: yazdegerdian
byct: ibycter
ibup: ibuprofen
icbm: icbm
iceq: icequake
yici: ichthyician
yiza: ichthyization
yofo: ichthyoform
ytax: ichthytaxidermy
ycie: ycie
tedr: icositedra
idcu: idcue
dcue: idcue
eafu: ideaful
deef: ideefixe
demf: idemfactor
emfa: idemfactor
mfac: idemfactor
deok: ideokinetic
deoo: ideoogist
eoog: ideoogist
dgah: idgah
digb: idigbo
yeah: yeah
yeao: yeaoman
eaom: yeaoman
yedd: yedding
yeec: yeech
ieee: ieee
ggma: yeggman
yegu: yeguita
owam: yellowammer
wcak: yellowcake
owcu: yellowcup
owru: yellowrump
wrum: yellowrump
wtop: yellowtop
yelt: yelt
yelv: yelver
emsc: yemschik
yend: yender
ntni: yentnite
yeor: yeorling
yepl: yeply
yerc: yercum
yern: yern
ertc: yertchuk
yetz: yetzer
euky: yeuky
kien: yeukieness
yews: yews
ezdi: yezdi
yezi: yezidi
ezid: yezidi
yezz: yezzy
ugao: ifugao
igdy: igdyr
gdyr: igdyr
igdr: igdrasil
yggd: yggdrasil
ggdr: yggdrasil
glul: iglulirmiut
lirm: iglulirmiut
gnav: ignavia
eoaq: igneoaqueous
gnig: ignigenous
iguv: iguvine
guvi: iguvine
ihla: ihlat
ihle: ihleite
yhwh: yhwh
iias: iiasa
yiki: yikirgaulit
yild: yildun
yilt: yilt
yinc: yince
yips: yips
yirk: yirk
yirn: yirn
iiwi: iiwi
yizk: yizkor
izko: yizkor
zkor: yizkor
jith: ijithad
jmaa: ijmaa
ijus: ijussite
ylah: ylahayll
psiv: illapsive
llna: illnature
orut: ilmenorutile
lpir: ilpirra
mbau: imbauba
brex: imbrex
buem: imbuement
bues: imbues
ymca: ymca
imcn: imcnt
mcnt: imcnt
imdt: imdtly
mdtl: imdtly
dtly: imdtly
iatl: immediatly
ttye: immensittye
eccu: impeccunious
ccun: impeccunious
peya: impeyan
rdib: imperdible
pofo: impofo
ptui: impromptuist
ugnm: impugnment
impv: impv
rdge: inbardge
inbb: inbbred
nbbr: inbbred
inbd: inbd
incg: incgrporate
ncgr: incgrporate
cgrp: incgrporate
grpo: incgrporate
ciev: inconcievable
nctr: inctri
abuu: incunabuulum
buul: incunabuulum
uulu: incunabuulum
ebti: indebting
ebtm: indebtment
btme: indebtment
ndih: indihumin
dihu: indihumin
ndij: indijbiously
dijb: indijbiously
ijbi: indijbiously
jbio: indijbiously
usiu: indusium
enub: inenubilable
nexs: inexsuperable
rcts: infarcts
eijd: infeijdation
ijda: infeijdation
jdat: infeijdation
nalr: infernalry
fima: infima
fimu: infimum
uxab: influxable
viit: ingluviitis
ngnu: ingnue
gnue: ingnue
nguk: inguklimiut
gukl: inguklimiut
nyoi: inyoite
nkwr: inkwriter
nlak: inlake
inmp: inmprovidence
nmpr: inmprovidence
nern: innerness
innh: innholder
nnho: innholder
ninm: inninmorite
nisf: innisfail
putf: inputfile
tfil: inputfile
inqi: inqilab
nqil: inqilab
qila: inqilab
ctmo: insectmonger
stuv: insistuvree
tuvr: insistuvree
vree: insistuvree
ultm: insultment
ultp: insultproof
igiz: intelligize
deds: intendeds
ralv: interalveolar
stoh: intercostohumeral
rcox: intercoxal
renj: interenjoy
rieu: interieur
rlol: interloli
rlue: interluency
rppl: interppled
rppo: interppoliesh
rpup: interpupillary
rrex: interrex
rwed: interwed
terx: interxylary
erxy: interxylary
rxyl: interxylary
erzy: interzygapophysial
rzyg: interzygapophysial
rzoo: interzooecial
ntnl: intnl
raab: intraabdominal
aabd: intraabdominal
aduo: intraduodenal
aost: intraosteal
ofyi: introfying
rudr: intrudress
ntsv: intsv
lidc: invalidcy
idcy: invalidcy
invt: invt
ultv: invultvation
ltva: invultvation
tvat: invultvation
yobs: yobs
yocc: yocco
odhs: yodhs
odyr: iodyrite
dyri: iodyrite
yods: yods
oghs: yoghs
ohou: yohourt
yoyo: yoyo
yoju: yojuane
ojua: yojuane
kelr: yokelry
okoh: yokohama
yoks: yoks
okut: yokuts
kuts: yokuts
yomu: yomud
omud: yomud
yook: yook
yoop: yoop
yorl: yorlin
skeh: ioskeha
youf: youff
youl: youl
youv: youve
youz: youze
yowd: yowden
owlr: yowlring
wlri: yowlring
yows: yows
iowt: iowt
yowt: yowt
lnem: ipalnemohuani
emoh: ipalnemohuani
cacs: ipecacs
nhic: ipecacuanhic
moei: ipomoein
aqia: iraqian
aqis: iraqis
yrbk: yrbk
doav: iridoavulsion
oavu: iridoavulsion
rmex: iridomyrmex
isaa: isaac
saac: isaac
schc: ischchia
yodu: ischyodus
ioil: ischioiliac
isdn: isdn
seul: iseult
sfah: isfahan
isls: isls
ismd: ismdom
smdo: ismdom
snad: isnad
isnt: isnt
oabn: isoabnormal
soau: isoaurore
eims: isocheims
soem: isoemodin
rivs: isogrivs
sohu: isohume
soio: isoionone
ooct: isooctane
cnal: isopycnal
sovo: isovoluminal
ynik: ispraynik
ravn: ispravnik
avni: ispravnik
vaeo: istvaeones
itcz: itcze
tcze: itcze
itll: itll
toub: itoubou
tzeb: itzebu
yuap: yuapin
iuds: iuds
yuec: yuechi
yuft: yuft
yuit: yuit
ukag: yukaghir
kagh: yukaghir
yuke: yuke
kkel: yukkel
yuko: yukon
yuks: yuks
iulu: iulus
yunk: yunker
yunn: yunnanese
yupp: yuppie
ujur: yurujure
yusd: yusdrum
usdr: yusdrum
yust: yustaga
yutu: yutu
iuus: iuus
uzlu: yuzluk
zluk: yuzluk
ivyf: ivyflower
vyfl: ivyflower
ivyl: ivylike
vyli: ivylike
yvon: yvonne
vray: ivray
ywca: ywca
iwfl: iwflower
iwou: iwound
wurc: iwurche
xiac: ixiaceae
ixor: ixora
izaf: izafat
zafa: izafat
izch: izchak
zcha: izchak
izdu: izdubar
zdub: izdubar
iztl: iztle
ztle: iztle
izum: izumi
zumi: izumi
izvo: izvozchik
zvoz: izvozchik
vozc: izvozchik
ozch: izvozchik
zchi: izvozchik
jaal: jaalin
jaap: jaap
jabs: jabs
jach: jacht
krod: jackrod
ktan: jacktan
coby: jacoby
uemi: jacqueminot
jady: jady
aggs: jaggs
jaha: jahannan
jaya: jayant
jaye: jayesh
aild: jaildom
jaim: jaime
jaip: jaipuri
jajm: jajman
ajma: jajman
jman: jajman
jakf: jakfruit
jaku: jakun
jalk: jalkar
jall: jalloped
jalp: jalpaite
jalu: jalur
mbiy: jambiya
jaml: jamlike
jamo: jamoke
jamr: jamrosade
jamt: jamtland
amtl: jamtland
mtla: jamtland
jamw: jamwood
ghey: janghey
jaob: jaob
apyx: japyx
jarh: jarhead
jarm: jarmo
jarn: jarnut
jarp: jarp
arsf: jarsful
rsfu: jarsful
jasy: jasy
jaso: jason
jasz: jasz
jath: jatha
jatk: jatki
jatn: jatni
jatu: jatulian
jaud: jaudie
wbat: jawbation
jawc: jawcrusher
wcru: jawcrusher
awfe: jawfeet
jawh: jawhole
jawy: jawy
jawn: jawn
jawp: jawp
jawr: jawrope
jawt: jawtwister
awtw: jawtwister
wtwi: jawtwister
zbow: jazzbow
zzme: jazzmen
zmen: jazzmen
jctn: jctn
jeam: jeames
jear: jear
jeba: jebat
jedb: jedburgh
jedc: jedcock
jeed: jeed
jeei: jeeing
lije: jeewhillijers
jeez: jeez
ehup: jehup
jeky: jekyll
ekyl: jekyll
kyll: jekyll
jelo: jelotong
jels: jelske
lske: jelske
jeme: jemez
jens: jenson
jeof: jeofail
jeon: jeon
emej: jeremejevite
meje: jeremejevite
ejev: jeremejevite
jevi: jeremejevite
jerf: jerfalcon
erkw: jerkwater
jerl: jerl
seya: jerseyan
jert: jert
jeru: jerusalem
jesp: jesper
suat: jesuate
jetw: jetware
jeux: jeux
jewd: jewdom
jewh: jewhood
jewy: jewy
jewr: jewry
jezi: jeziah
ziah: jeziah
jezr: jezreelite
ezre: jezreelite
zree: jezreelite
jger: jger
jhee: jheel
jhoo: jhool
jhow: jhow
jhur: jhuria
jhvh: jhvh
nyun: jianyun
jiao: jiao
jibh: jibhead
ibhe: jibhead
ibma: jibman
ibme: jibmen
iboa: jiboa
iboy: jiboya
jigl: jiglike
jigo: jigote
jiku: jikungu
jimc: jimcrack
igak: jimigaki
gaki: jimigaki
imju: jimjums
jums: jimjums
jymo: jymold
jina: jina
gbai: jingbai
glej: jinglejangle
nniy: jinniyeh
niye: jinniyeh
jynx: jynx
jipp: jipper
jiqu: jiqui
jirb: jirble
jirk: jirkinet
jish: jisheng
jiss: jissom
jiti: jiti
jitr: jitro
jixi: jixie
zyah: jizyah
jizz: jizzen
nayo: jnanayoga
driy: jnanendriya
joaq: joaquinite
jobe: jobe
obme: jobmen
jobo: jobo
ktel: jockteleg
joct: jocteleg
delr: jodelr
jodo: jodo
joeb: joebush
joel: joel
joew: joewood
jogj: jogjakarta
gjak: jogjakarta
jogs: jogs
nnyd: johnnydom
nydo: johnnydom
hnsm: johnsmas
joie: joie
yhop: joyhop
oypr: joyproof
joyw: joyweed
oywe: joyweed
joky: joky
jokt: joktaleg
joku: jokul
jomo: jomon
jond: jondla
jool: joola
joom: joom
joph: jophiel
jorr: jorram
oshu: joshua
josk: joskin
jotn: jotnian
jots: jots
unnh: jotunnheim
ougs: jougs
ypaw: joukerypawkery
eyca: journeycake
jova: jova
jovy: jovy
jowi: jowing
wlop: jowlop
jowp: jowpy
owpy: jowpy
jowt: jowter
jozy: jozy
juam: juamave
jubu: jubus
juch: juchart
judc: judcock
udco: judcock
udgs: judgship
dgsh: judgship
judy: judy
juec: jueces
juer: juergen
juff: juffer
ugsf: jugsful
juha: juha
juya: juyas
ulyf: julyflower
julu: julus
jumf: jumfru
umfr: jumfru
jumi: jumillite
jumm: jumma
egym: junglegym
nkde: junkdealer
jupi: jupiter
urev: jurevis
uryr: juryrigged
ryri: juryrigged
uslt: juslted
slte: juslted
ieua: jussieuan
jutk: jutka
utka: jutka
jutu: juturna
juwi: juwise
uwis: juwise
tapy: juxtapyloric
xtas: juxtaspinal
juza: juza
jwah: jwahar
kaab: kaaba
kaas: kaas
kaat: kaataplectic
agoy: kabaragoya
elja: kabbeljaws
birp: kabirpanthi
kabs: kabs
uzuc: kabuzuchi
kadm: kadmi
kads: kadsura
kadu: kadu
empf: kaempferol
mpfe: kaempferol
kafa: kafa
kafe: kaferita
feek: kaffeeklatsch
ekla: kaffeeklatsch
yehs: kaffiyehs
fkae: kafkaesque
inyn: kainyn
yoes: kayoes
kaiv: kaivalya
kayv: kayvan
ayva: kayvan
yvan: kayvan
kayw: kayward
aiwi: kaiwi
ajaw: kajawah
kaju: kajugaru
kidr: kakidrosis
kkak: kakkak
akog: kakogenic
kort: kakortokite
laaz: kalaazar
aaza: kalaazar
lamk: kalamkari
ooia: kalapooian
hnik: kalashnikov
alkv: kalkvis
lkvi: kalkvis
lmuk: kalmuk
kaga: kalokagathia
kalt: kaltemail
kalw: kalwar
amao: kamao
rezi: kamarezite
amiy: kamiya
miya: kamiya
miks: kamiks
kaml: kamleika
mlei: kamleika
mpuc: kampuchea
nawh: kanawha
nyaw: kanyaw
krej: kankrej
kanr: kanred
kanw: kanwar
kanz: kanzu
anzu: kanzu
aons: kaons
kuls: karakuls
amoj: karamojo
raok: karaoke
aoke: karaoke
karb: karbi
karh: karharbari
rluk: karluk
sbek: kasbeke
kasc: kascamiol
hyap: kashyapa
hubi: kashubian
asik: kasikumuk
siku: kasikumuk
kumu: kasikumuk
umuk: kasikumuk
kasm: kasm
kaso: kasolite
atci: katcina
tcin: katcina
vusa: katharevusa
hlee: kathleen
katj: katjepiering
atje: katjepiering
tjep: katjepiering
jepi: katjepiering
katm: katmon
tsuw: katsuwonidae
suwo: katsuwonidae
uwon: katsuwonidae
katz: katzenjammer
zenj: katzenjammer
kauc: kauch
vaic: kavaic
kave: kaver
kawc: kawchodinne
awch: kawchodinne
kawi: kawika
wika: kawika
azak: kazak
kazu: kazuhiro
azuh: kazuhiro
zuhi: kazuhiro
uhir: kazuhiro
kbps: kbps
kcal: kcal
kear: kearn
keby: kebyar
ebya: kebyar
kedj: kedjave
eelv: keelvat
keew: keewatin
efif: kefifrel
fifr: kefifrel
kefs: kefs
ftiu: keftiu
kegf: kegful
egfu: kegful
ggmi: keggmiengg
oeit: kehoeite
keid: keid
eilh: keilhauite
eysl: keyslot
eysm: keysmith
eywd: keywd
eywr: keywrd
ywrd: keywrd
kekc: kekchi
ekch: kekchi
ekot: kekotene
kote: kekotene
keku: kekuna
kelk: kelk
legk: kellegk
lupw: kellupweed
elpy: kelpy
lpwa: kelpware
mptk: kemptken
ptke: kemptken
nafs: kenafs
ndyr: kendyr
enyt: kenyte
nyte: kenyte
enmp: kenmpy
nmpy: kenmpy
edya: kennedya
keog: keogenesis
kepl: keplerian
tosr: keratosropy
osro: keratosropy
eryk: kerykeion
ykei: kerykeion
keio: kerykeion
seyn: kerseynette
kesl: keslep
relk: kestrelkestrels
tmie: ketmie
keur: keurboom
evaz: kevazingo
kevy: kevyn
utzo: kevutzoth
kewp: kewpie
kexe: kexes
kexy: kexy
khaf: khafajeh
afaj: khafajeh
ajeh: khafajeh
khag: khagiarite
khah: khahoon
alkh: khalkha
lkha: khalkha
hamt: khamti
osht: kharoshthi
viah: khediviah
khep: khepesh
khes: khesari
khev: khevzur
hevz: khevzur
evzu: khevzur
vzur: khevzur
idmu: khidmutgar
dmut: khidmutgar
khiv: khivan
khme: khmer
hodj: khodja
odja: khodja
khow: khowar
khru: khrushchev
khua: khuai
huai: khuai
khub: khubber
khud: khud
skhu: khuskhus
tbah: khutbah
khuz: khuzi
huzi: khuzi
khva: khvat
hvat: khvat
razm: khwarazmian
azmi: khwarazmian
zmia: khwarazmian
iaat: kiaat
booc: kiabooca
kyab: kyabuka
kiac: kiack
kyah: kyah
kyak: kyak
kiak: kiaki
yats: kyats
kyau: kyaung
yaun: kyaung
utzn: kibbutznik
tzni: kibbutznik
kiby: kiby
bitk: kibitka
kich: kichel
ksor: kicksorter
ickx: kickxia
ckxi: kickxia
kxia: kickxia
kidc: kidcote
dcot: kidcote
kidh: kidhood
neyr: kidneyroot
idsm: kidsman
kidv: kidvid
idvi: kidvid
dvid: kidvid
kiek: kiekie
kiev: kiev
kifs: kifs
kiyi: kiyi
awae: kikawaeo
waeo: kikawaeo
kyke: kyke
kikk: kikki
ikue: kikuel
kuel: kikuel
ikuy: kikuyu
kuyu: kikuyu
kumo: kikumon
kilb: kilbrickenite
lhig: kilhig
ikec: kylikec
kilk: kilkenny
ilnh: kilnhole
lnho: kilnhole
ilnm: kilnman
lnma: kilnman
ilnr: kilnrib
lnri: kilnrib
lnst: kilnstick
ilnt: kilntree
lntr: kilntree
lohm: kilohm
iloj: kilojoule
lojo: kilojoule
kymb: kymbalon
mchi: kimchi
dgia: kimeridgian
kimn: kimnel
kymn: kymnel
kymr: kymric
kimu: kimura
hinm: kinchinmort
gcob: kingcob
ngkl: kingklip
gkli: kingklip
glih: kinglihood
gsiz: kingsize
ngsn: kingsnake
gsna: kingsnake
inkc: kinkcough
nkco: kinkcough
khab: kinkhab
nksb: kinksbush
ksbu: kinksbush
kinu: kinura
kioe: kioea
ioea: kioea
kiok: kioko
kyot: kyoto
kipa: kipage
kipc: kipchak
kipf: kipfel
pfel: kipfel
kipu: kipuka
ipuk: kipuka
irby: kirby
zean: kirghizean
irkw: kirkward
kiru: kirundi
kisc: kischen
htym: kyschtymite
kisl: kislev
kisr: kisra
kitb: kitbag
ahax: kitkahaxki
haxk: kitkahaxki
axki: kitkahaxki
tkeh: kitkehahki
hahk: kitkehahki
ahki: kitkehahki
tmud: kitmudgar
kyun: kyung
ikiv: kivikivi
kivu: kivu
zilb: kizilbash
klab: klaberjass
ngfa: klangfarbe
gfar: klangfarbe
farb: klangfarbe
klap: klaprotholite
ebsi: klebsiella
siel: klebsiella
phts: klephts
klez: klezmer
lezm: klezmer
ezme: klezmer
zmer: klezmer
pbok: klipbok
pdac: klipdachs
ipsp: klipspringer
kloe: kloesse
klom: klom
klow: klowet
utzy: klutzy
klux: kluxer
klva: klva
kmet: kmet
knay: knaydlach
nayd: knaydlach
aydl: knaydlach
ydla: knaydlach
knas: knaster
knau: knautia
nelt: knelt
fesm: knifesmith
tlih: knightlihood
knys: knysna
nysn: knysna
nitb: knitback
ckem: knockemdown
kemd: knockemdown
mdow: knockemdown
knoi: knoit
nopw: knopweed
rhaa: knorhaan
osps: knosps
notb: knotberry
notg: knotgrass
wnot: knownothingism
nubl: knublet
knud: knudsen
nuds: knudsen
knuf: knuffe
knul: knulling
koae: koae
dakr: kodakry
akry: kodakry
kodi: kodiak
kodk: kodkod
odko: kodkod
dkod: kodkod
kodu: kodurite
koec: koechlinite
oeks: koeksotenok
ekso: koeksotenok
ksot: koeksotenok
oelr: koelreuteria
elre: koelreuteria
lreu: koelreuteria
koer: koeri
kogg: koggelmannetje
netj: koggelmannetje
kogi: kogia
ohek: kohekohe
heko: kohekohe
ekoh: kohekohe
kohi: kohistani
ohls: kohls
kohu: kohua
koya: koyan
koia: koiari
oiar: koiari
koib: koibal
oiba: koibal
oyem: koyemshi
koim: koimesis
koip: koipato
oipa: koipato
koja: kojang
ojim: kojima
jima: kojima
ojir: kojiri
koke: kokerboom
okio: kokio
okob: kokobeh
kopu: kokopu
kokr: kokra
aghy: koksaghyz
ghyz: koksaghyz
agyz: koksagyz
kokt: koktaite
ldaj: koldaji
daji: koldaji
hozn: kolkhoznik
ozni: kolkhoznik
olkk: kolkka
lkka: kolkka
koze: kolkozes
kozy: kolkozy
kolm: kolmogorov
lsun: kolsun
itaj: komitaji
metj: kommetje
koms: komsomol
komt: komtok
mtok: komtok
konf: konfyt
onfy: konfyt
nfyt: konfyt
ngsb: kongsbergite
gsbe: kongsbergite
kony: konyak
konj: konjak
konk: konkani
ohik: konohiki
omih: konomihu
konr: konrad
okri: kookri
mkie: koomkie
peks: kopeks
opfr: kopfring
pfri: kopfring
pjes: kopjes
kopr: koprino
kops: kops
korf: korfball
orfb: korfball
rfba: korfball
korh: korhmn
ryak: koryak
korm: korma
runy: koruny
korw: korwa
korz: korzec
kosc: koschei
kosm: kosmokrator
mokr: kosmokrator
etzk: kosteletzkya
tzky: kosteletzkya
zkya: kosteletzkya
kosw: koswite
kots: kotschubeite
ubei: kotschubeite
koun: koungmiut
kouz: kouza
kovi: kovil
kowb: kowbird
kowh: kowhai
kozo: kozo
ozuk: kozuka
zuka: kozuka
kpue: kpuesi
owia: krakowiak
kral: kral
apfe: krapfen
aunh: kraunhia
autw: krautweed
kreb: krebs
eitt: kreittonite
eitz: kreitzman
egsp: kriegspiel
krio: kriophoros
isuv: krisuvigite
uvig: krisuvigite
kriv: krivu
krna: krna
kroh: krohnkite
rohn: krohnkite
ohnk: krohnkite
hnki: krohnkite
omsk: kromskop
msko: kromskop
uchk: krouchka
holz: krummholz
krzy: krzysztof
rzys: krzysztof
zysz: krzysztof
yszt: krzysztof
szto: krzysztof
ztof: krzysztof
ksar: ksar
kubb: kubba
kube: kubera
kubo: kubong
kubu: kubuklion
klio: kubuklion
kudr: kudrun
udus: kudus
dzus: kudzus
uehn: kuehneola
hneo: kuehneola
kuei: kuei
kues: kues
kuff: kuffieh
fieh: kuffieh
ufiy: kufiyeh
lhof: kugelhof
uhni: kuhnia
kuic: kuichua
kuja: kujawiak
ujaw: kujawiak
kuka: kukang
kuke: kukeri
kuki: kuki
kuko: kukoline
kukr: kukri
ukui: kukui
kulc: kukulcan
urkr: kulturkreis
kumh: kumhar
umyk: kumyk
kumk: kumkum
umku: kumkum
mkum: kumkum
kumn: kumni
kumr: kumrah
kunb: kunbi
kune: kuneste
kunm: kunmiut
nmiu: kunmiut
kunw: kunwari
kuom: kuomintang
upff: kupfferite
pffe: kupfferite
kuph: kuphar
kupp: kupper
uraj: kurajong
oviu: kurchatovium
kurk: kurku
urmb: kurmburra
rmbu: kurmburra
kurn: kurn
rsaa: kursaal
saal: kursaal
usam: kusam
kwog: kuskwogmiut
wogm: kuskwogmiut
kusu: kusum
ttau: kuttaur
aszo: kuvaszok
szok: kuvaszok
kuve: kuvera
kuwa: kuwait
uwai: kuwait
kwai: kwaiken
artj: kwartje
rtje: kwartje
iork: kwashiorkor
rkor: kwashiorkor
wazn: kwaznku
aznk: kwaznku
znku: kwaznku
wazo: kwazoku
azok: kwazoku
wela: kwela
kwhr: kwhr
aang: laang
ogut: labioguttural
abry: labrys
brys: labrys
ceyb: laceybark
hnan: lachnanthes
maef: lachrymaeform
ksen: lacksense
acmo: lacmoid
cmoi: lacmoid
acmu: lacmus
cmus: lacmus
ueye: lacqueyed
ueyi: lacqueying
roix: lacroixite
oixi: lacroixite
lacw: lacwork
acwo: lacwork
dycl: ladyclock
dyfe: ladyfern
dyfy: ladyfy
ykil: ladykiller
tywh: ladylintywhite
ysfi: ladysfinger
adki: ladkin
lael: laelia
afay: lafayette
porm: lageniporm
gomr: lagomrph
omrp: lagomrph
mrph: lagomrph
agth: lagthing
gtin: lagting
lahn: lahnda
ahnd: lahnda
hnda: lahnda
lahu: lahuli
ayia: layia
ssez: laissez
layu: layup
ayup: layup
kefr: lakefront
akhs: lakhs
lakk: lakke
lakm: lakmus
kmus: lakmus
aksa: laksa
kshm: lakshmi
bdas: lambdas
mbdi: lambdiod
bdio: lambdiod
breq: lambrequin
mbsd: lambsdown
bsdo: lambsdown
mbsu: lambsuccory
rgey: lammergeyer
mnec: lamnectomy
mpfu: lampful
pwic: lampwick
siek: lamsiekte
lamz: lamziekte
mzie: lamziekte
ncej: lancejack
dgaf: landgafol
dsat: landsat
dskn: landsknecht
dtro: landtrost
dwas: landwash
dweh: landwehr
dwra: landwrack
gaha: langaha
aufs: langlaufs
gsat: langsat
ngsd: langsdorffia
gsdo: langsdorffia
ngte: langteraloo
gter: langteraloo
nseh: lanseh
nskn: lansknecht
ansq: lansquenet
anuv: lanuvian
anzk: lanzknecht
nzkn: lanzknecht
zkne: lanzknecht
laoc: laocoon
aoco: laocoon
apco: lapcock
ppac: lappaceous
apsf: lapsful
ueus: laqueus
cinr: larcinry
rmoy: larmoyant
rnak: larnakes
rnyx: larnyx
peyr: laspeyresia
sieh: lassiehood
ssik: lassiky
siky: lassiky
astj: lastjob
stjo: lastjob
latk: latke
lauh: lauhala
auha: lauhala
laui: lauia
hple: launchplex
ryow: laundryowner
yown: laundryowner
ddas: launeddas
aurv: laurvikite
vehr: lavehr
vrof: lavroffite
vrov: lavrovite
wcou: lawcourt
aweo: laweour
weou: laweour
awnm: lawnmower
lawp: lawproof
awpr: lawproof
lawz: lawzy
awzy: lawzy
xifl: laxiflorous
zaru: lazarus
zyba: lazyback
zybe: lazybed
zybi: lazybird
azyh: lazyhood
zyho: lazyhood
zyis: lazyish
azys: lazyship
zysh: lazyship
lcsy: lcsymbol
csym: lcsymbol
enpa: leadenpated
afbi: leafbird
afbo: leafboy
fboy: leafboy
eafc: leafcup
afcu: leafcup
fcup: leafcup
eafd: leafdom
eafg: leafgirl
afgi: leafgirl
fgir: leafgirl
afmo: leafmold
fmol: leafmold
asow: leasow
herj: leatherjacket
awil: leawill
ensr: lebensraum
srau: lebensraum
lebh: lebhaft
ebha: lebhaft
bhaf: lebhaft
lebk: lebkuchen
ebku: lebkuchen
bkuc: lebkuchen
leea: leeangle
echk: leechkin
eegt: leegte
egte: leegte
shyy: leeshyy
fsel: lefsel
legb: legbar
egpi: legpiece
eiou: leguleious
lehm: lehmer
ehrb: lehrbachite
hrba: lehrbachite
hrme: lehrmen
eimt: leimtype
imty: leimtype
mtyp: leimtype
ipoa: leipoa
eipz: leipzig
ipzi: leipzig
pzig: leipzig
lekh: lekha
lekk: lekker
leks: leks
gthm: lengthman
lenz: lenzites
eonu: leonurus
rdsk: leopardskin
lepc: lepcha
ptof: leptoform
esgh: lesgh
lesy: lesya
esiy: lesiy
letg: letgame
rgae: lettergae
ttso: lettsomite
tenb: leuchtenbergite
coja: leucojaceae
ucoq: leucoquinizarin
osye: leucosyenite
koct: leukoctyoid
kode: leukoderma
leun: leung
veei: leveeing
vyis: levyist
vyni: levynite
ewds: lewdster
lewn: lewnite
ewni: lewnite
ewty: lewty
lezg: lezghian
ezgh: lezghian
zghi: lezghian
lgth: lgth
rzit: lherzite
rzol: lherzolite
lhia: lhiamba
lhot: lhota
bame: libament
ibbr: libbra
libg: libget
ibge: libget
ibke: libken
bken: libken
ibki: libkin
libs: libs
lidf: lidflower
idfl: lidflower
erku: lieberkuhn
rkuh: lieberkuhn
iebf: liebfraumilch
ebfr: liebfraumilch
iebg: liebgeaitor
ebge: liebgeaitor
bgea: liebgeaitor
geai: liebgeaitor
iebl: lieblich
efso: liefsome
fsom: liefsome
ienh: lienholder
iesp: liespfund
espf: liespfund
spfu: liespfund
evaa: lievaart
vaar: lievaart
ievr: lievrite
febu: lifebuoy
fedr: lifedrop
ifey: lifey
fesk: lifeskills
lyfk: lyfkie
yfki: lyfkie
fkie: lyfkie
htye: lightyears
tyea: lightyears
htke: lightkeeper
gbug: lightningbug
htpl: lightplane
gyda: ligyda
gydi: ligydidae
lihy: lihyanite
liyu: liyuan
iyua: liyuan
ykew: lykewake
likn: liknon
ikut: likuta
cthr: lilacthroat
lilb: lilburne
ilyf: lilyfy
lyfy: lilyfy
ilyh: lilyhanded
iifl: liliiflorae
mawo: limawood
imbm: limbmeal
imeh: limehouse
imeq: limequat
lymh: lymhpangiophlebitis
ymhp: lymhpangiophlebitis
imiv: limivorous
nocn: limnocnida
mnom: limnometer
impw: limpwort
olnl: lincolnlike
lnli: lincolnlike
lynd: lyndon
dsay: lindsay
neny: lineny
nenm: linenman
gbya: lyngbyaceae
gbye: lyngbyeae
byea: lyngbyeae
yeae: lyngbyeae
uaef: linguaeform
guog: linguogingival
uogi: linguogingival
guov: linguoversion
iniy: liniya
ynnh: lynnhaven
ntwh: lintwhite
ynxl: lynxlike
ypem: lypemania
ipoh: lipohemia
uorl: liquorless
yrai: lyraid
yraw: lyraway
yref: lyreflower
iodd: lirioddra
lyru: lyrurus
yrur: lyrurus
senk: lysenkoism
lisz: liszt
iszt: liszt
aehu: literaehumaniores
giur: lithangiuria
paxy: litholapaxy
itye: lityerses
tyer: lityerses
ituu: lituus
litv: litvak
itva: litvak
tvak: litvak
liuk: liukiu
iuki: liukiu
ukiu: liukiu
vebe: livebearer
rpud: liverpudlian
pudl: liverpudlian
dlia: liverpudlian
livl: livlihood
ivli: livlihood
vlih: livlihood
ivon: livonian
lyxo: lyxose
lanb: llanberisslate
lndg: lndg
oafl: loaflet
loag: loaghtan
oagh: loaghtan
oaia: loaiasis
oanm: loanmonger
oatu: loatuko
hevs: lobachevskian
bcok: lobcokt
cokt: lobcokt
lobf: lobfig
lobt: lobtail
kpor: lockport
locn: locn
loeg: loegria
oegr: loegria
lofs: lofstelle
ofst: lofstelle
gaoe: logaoedic
gchi: logchip
ogoc: logocracy
gocr: logocracy
daly: logodaedaly
ogoe: logoes
ogof: logoff
okac: lokacara
kaos: lokaose
lokm: lokman
loks: lokshen
lomt: lomta
gacr: longacre
ngcl: longcloth
gclo: longcloth
geva: longeval
geve: longeve
gfel: longfelt
gima: longimanous
ginq: longinquity
gshu: longshucks
gsuf: longsuffering
lonh: lonhyn
nhyn: lonhyn
nouh: lonouhard
lonq: lonquhard
nquh: lonquhard
quha: lonquhard
fahs: loofahs
mfix: loomfixer
onyb: loonybin
loov: loover
rdki: lordkin
dswi: lordswike
swik: lordswike
ouey: louey
ouiq: louiqa
uiqa: louiqa
uisv: louisville
ovee: lovee
owei: loweite
owig: lowigite
wlil: lowlily
wmos: lowmost
lowv: lowville
owvi: lowville
wvil: lowville
oxom: loxomma
xomm: loxomma
uaus: luaus
lucb: lucban
ucba: lucban
cban: lucban
lucy: lucy
ifee: lucifee
ucim: lucimeter
uggn: luggnagg
ggna: luggnagg
ghdo: lughdoan
hdoa: lughdoan
lugn: lugnas
ujau: lujaurite
jaur: lujaurite
ujav: lujavrite
javr: lujavrite
luju: lujula
ujul: lujula
luai: luluai
nchh: lunchhook
dyfo: lundyfoot
gsic: lungsick
rgwo: lurgworm
utao: lutao
teov: luteovirescent
lutf: lutfisk
luwi: luwian
uwia: luwian
xuli: luxulianite
xull: luxullianite
luzu: luzula
zula: luzula
lwop: lwop
maad: maad
maan: maana
maat: maat
mabb: mabble
maby: mabyer
mabu: mabuti
caas: macaasim
macb: macbeth
acbe: macbeth
cbet: macbeth
macd: macduff
acdu: macduff
cduf: macduff
acfa: macfarlane
cfar: macfarlane
acfl: macflecknoe
cfle: macflecknoe
eckn: macflecknoe
knoe: macflecknoe
haon: machaon
chtp: machtpolitik
htpo: machtpolitik
cign: macigno
kayb: mackaybean
eaya: macleaya
clib: maclib
macm: macmillanite
cmil: macmillanite
macq: macquereau
acrl: macrli
crli: macrli
adaf: madafu
dafu: madafu
adeg: madegassy
madg: madge
dhuc: madhuca
adhv: madhva
dhva: madhva
adoq: madoqua
madt: madtom
dtom: madtom
maem: maemacterion
mafe: mafey
afey: mafey
mafo: mafoo
magb: magbote
gotp: maggotpie
aghz: maghzen
ghze: maghzen
gicd: magicdom
icdo: magicdom
cdom: magicdom
siof: magnesioferrite
ifiq: magnifique
gnir: magnirostrate
rajr: maharajrana
hewu: mahewu
nggs: mahjonggs
mahl: mahlstick
ahmu: mahmudi
ahoi: mahoitre
hsir: mahsir
ahsu: mahsur
hsur: mahsur
mahw: mahwa
yapi: mayapis
aidc: maidchild
irtr: maidenhairtree
aidk: maidkin
aydu: mayduke
yduk: mayduke
aief: maiefic
yfai: mayfair
yfow: mayfowl
maig: maigre
mayn: maynt
aynt: maynt
maip: maipure
maiu: maius
izeb: maizebird
zebi: maizebird
ajeu: majeure
jeur: majeure
majl: majlis
ajli: majlis
jlis: majlis
ajoo: majoon
jorc: majorcan
akad: makadoo
khza: makhzan
hzan: makhzan
khze: makhzen
makl: makluk
akop: makopa
koua: makoua
akso: maksoorah
ksoo: maksoorah
akuk: makuk
aano: malaanonang
ayiz: malayize
ldig: maldigestion
ldir: maldirection
docc: maldocchio
lhyg: malhygiene
lhon: malhonest
kadn: malikadna
likz: malikzadi
ikza: malikzadi
kzad: malikzadi
aloj: malojilla
loji: malojilla
ojil: malojilla
ouah: malouah
lpub: malpublication
lrot: malrotation
ltob: maltobiose
malw: malwa
mlat: mamlatdar
atda: mamlatdar
mlut: mamlutdar
lutd: mamlutdar
mamr: mamry
amry: mamry
mamz: mamzer
bozh: manabozho
nasq: manasquan
navl: manavlins
avli: manavlins
klak: manbarklak
daca: mandacaru
dyai: mandyai
ragv: mandragvn
agvn: mandragvn
ruka: mandruka
aneq: manequin
ganh: manganhedenbergite
ganp: manganpectolite
anpe: manganpectolite
geao: mangeao
gelw: mangelwurzel
elwu: mangelwurzel
lwur: mangelwurzel
nyem: manyema
anyf: manyfold
nyfo: manyfold
anyn: manyness
nyne: manyness
ypli: manyplies
anyr: manyroot
nnok: mannoketoheptose
vrei: manoeuvreing
ntzu: mantzu
nuao: manuao
numo: manumotive
manv: manvantara
anxm: manxman
nxma: manxman
anxw: manxwoman
nxwo: manxwoman
maom: maomao
aorm: maormor
ppem: mappemonde
mapu: mapuche
mapw: mapwise
caib: maracaibo
nhao: maranhao
rfik: marfik
gaux: margaux
ybud: marybud
rihu: marihuana
ijua: marijuana
aryk: maryknoll
rykn: maryknoll
riup: mariupolite
iupo: mariupolite
rkeb: markeb
arkg: markgenossenschaft
rkge: markgenossenschaft
kgen: markgenossenschaft
kkaa: markkaa
rkus: markus
arll: marllike
wesq: marlowesque
arlp: marlpit
uisd: marquisdom
ieds: marrieds
ymuf: marrymuffe
wfat: marrowfat
arsd: marsdenia
rsde: marsdenia
rshy: marshy
rshs: marshs
yrly: martyrly
yrty: martyrtyria
rwer: marwer
sdeu: masdeu
giah: mashgiah
hgic: mashgichim
gich: mashgichim
hgih: mashgihim
gihi: mashgihim
ihim: mashgihim
shpe: mashpee
hpee: mashpee
kego: maskegon
skmv: maskmv
masl: maslin
nryi: masonrying
ebah: massebah
ssek: massekhoth
sifs: massifs
symo: massymore
sska: masskanne
ssmo: massmonger
ssoy: massoy
eosq: mastoideosquamous
ataj: matajuelo
taju: matajuelo
matb: matboard
atez: matezite
tezi: matezite
tsue: matsue
attb: mattboard
ttbo: mattboard
eucc: matteuccia
matw: matweed
zohs: matzohs
maub: mauby
aulv: maulvi
maup: maupassant
mauq: mauquahog
maux: maux
mavr: mavrodaphne
vrod: mavrodaphne
mawb: mawbound
mawe: mawed
mawg: mawger
wger: mawger
mawm: mawmish
mawn: mawn
mawp: mawp
maww: mawworm
lloj: maxillojugal
loju: maxillojugal
muml: maximumly
xisi: maxisingle
xisk: maxiskirt
azag: mazagran
zagr: mazagran
zalg: mazalgia
azap: mazapilite
zapi: mazapilite
zdea: mazdean
azdo: mazdoor
zdoo: mazdoor
azdu: mazdur
zdur: mazdur
mazh: mazhabi
zhab: mazhabi
zody: mazodynia
zovi: mazovian
azuc: mazuca
zuca: mazuca
beue: mbeuer
mbps: mbps
mcca: mccarthyism
mcco: mccoy
mcdo: mcdonald
cdon: mcdonald
mcka: mckay
mcph: mcphail
mdew: mdewakanton
mdnt: mdnt
mdse: mdse
alyw: mealywing
anwh: meanwhile
asly: measly
atcu: meatcutter
meaw: meaw
meaz: meazle
mebs: mebsuta
ebsu: mebsuta
bsut: mebsuta
ccaw: meccawee
mecl: meclizine
vacs: medevacs
icoz: medicozoologic
imnu: medimnus
crel: mediocrely
meeb: meebos
meeh: meehan
ekoc: meekoceras
koce: meekoceras
egaa: megaara
gacu: megacurie
aerg: megaerg
gafa: megafarad
afog: megafog
egaj: megajoule
gajo: megajoule
gapr: megaprosopous
megb: megbote
mege: megerg
egmh: megmho
gmho: megmho
grez: megrez
megu: meguilp
uilp: meguilp
mehm: mehmandar
ehma: mehmandar
mehr: mehrdad
ehrd: mehrdad
hrda: mehrdad
rdad: mehrdad
yerh: meyerhofferite
rhof: meyerhofferite
meij: meiji
eiji: meiji
eisj: meisje
mejo: mejorana
mekb: mekbuda
ekbu: mekbuda
kbud: mekbuda
ammd: melammdim
mmdi: melammdim
laxu: melaxuma
xuma: melaxuma
zede: melchizedek
etsk: meletski
zito: melezitose
owph: mellowphone
wpho: mellowphone
lpom: melpomene
eigi: melteigite
melv: melvie
gkab: menangkabau
enaq: menaquinone
eviu: mendelevium
elye: mendelyeevite
lyee: mendelyeevite
yeev: mendelyeevite
ozit: mendozite
negh: meneghinite
engw: mengwe
scec: meniscectomy
gyes: menologyes
ruoo: menstruoos
ruos: menstruosity
eowi: meowing
eows: meows
mepe: meperidine
rcyp: mercyproof
ccii: merlucciidae
cciu: merluccius
ymee: merrymeeting
esab: mesabite
esao: mesaortitis
esax: mesaxonic
sdam: mesdames
ugaa: meshugaas
ggaa: meshuggaas
sioo: mesioocclusal
iooc: mesioocclusal
siov: mesioversion
sivt: mesivta
ivta: mesivta
mesl: meslen
sohi: mesohippus
sosk: mesoskelic
mesr: mesropian
essk: messkit
sski: messkit
ssrs: messrs
mesv: mesvinian
tafo: metaformaldehyde
tnio: metageitnion
etao: metaorganism
aseq: metasequoia
thaq: methaqualone
hegl: metheglin
lhep: methylheptenone
ylna: methylnaphthalene
lnap: methylnaphthalene
ylpa: methylparaben
ylpr: methylpropane
ypry: methyprylon
hodl: methodless
totm: metrectotmy
otmy: metrectotmy
meum: meum
eurt: meurtriere
ewls: mewls
mezo: mezo
uzas: mezuzas
zzav: mezzavoce
zavo: mezzavoce
mhom: mhometer
myac: myacea
aots: miaotse
aotz: miaotze
aowi: miaowing
aows: miaows
iarg: miargyrite
iaue: miauer
iauw: miauw
mibs: mibs
micm: micmac
icma: micmac
ycof: mycoflora
izic: mycorrhizic
ihiz: mycorrihizas
ccea: micrococceae
roeu: microeutaxitic
olev: microlevel
vaxe: microvaxes
oweb: microweber
phum: myctophum
idaf: midafternoon
ydai: mydaidae
ydau: mydaus
idax: midaxillary
idba: midband
idbo: midbody
dbod: midbody
idca: midcarpal
ewiw: midewiwin
idfo: midforenoon
idfr: midfrontal
midh: midheaven
idpi: midpit
idsc: midscale
dsem: midsemester
pmit: midshipmite
dsts: midsts
dtar: midtarsal
dvei: midvein
htyh: mightyhearted
htys: mightyship
migm: migmatite
migs: migs
migu: miguel
mihr: mihrab
yiar: myiarchus
myif: myiferous
yife: myiferous
yios: myiosis
ijak: mijakite
jaki: mijakite
mijl: mijl
adoa: mikadoate
kael: mikael
myki: mykiss
ykis: mykiss
ikrk: mikrkra
krkr: mikrkra
vehs: mikvehs
ikvo: mikvoth
kvot: mikvoth
dewp: mildewproof
milh: milha
milj: miljee
ilje: miljee
ljee: miljee
ilkb: milkbush
lkbu: milkbush
ilkh: milkhouse
lkto: milktoast
ktoa: milktoast
lfee: millfeed
lieq: milliequivalent
lijo: millijoule
etmh: millimetmhos
tmho: millimetmhos
micc: millimiccra
iccr: millimiccra
iroe: milliroentgen
iweb: milliweber
illk: millken
llry: millrynd
lryn: millrynd
miln: milner
ilre: milreis
lrei: milreis
iltw: miltwaste
ilvu: milvus
milz: milzbrand
ilzb: milzbrand
lzbr: milzbrand
zbra: milzbrand
nypi: miminypiminy
ypim: miminypiminy
miml: mimly
mmoo: mimmood
mimz: mimzy
imzy: mimzy
srag: minasragrite
natn: minatnrial
atnr: minatnrial
tnri: minatnrial
nria: minatnrial
aiog: mineraiogic
agim: minhagim
nhah: minhah
nyad: minyadidae
nyae: minyae
nkop: minkopi
nneh: minnehaha
iebu: minniebush
noiz: minoize
chtb: mynpachtbrief
ntbu: mintbush
nune: minunet
inxs: minxship
nxsh: minxship
yoat: myoatrophy
yocd: myocdia
ocdi: myocdia
cdia: myocdia
yoel: myoelectric
yoha: myohaematin
kymi: myokymia
yole: myolemma
gisr: myologisral
sral: myologisral
myow: myowun
yowu: myowun
owun: myowun
yoxu: myoxus
miqr: miqra
iqra: miqra
mirb: mirbane
yrce: myrcene
yrci: myrcia
poix: mirepoix
mirf: mirfak
rfak: mirfak
iadf: myriadfold
iadl: myriadly
iamn: miriamne
irik: miriki
irkn: mirkness
rmek: myrmekite
yrmo: myrmotherine
irvs: mirvs
rzas: mirzas
sbap: misbaptize
sbed: misbede
cegi: miscegine
sdau: misdaub
sdep: misdepart
sdet: misdetermine
sdie: misdiet
sdig: misdight
sdon: misdone
seff: miseffect
serh: miserhood
sfau: misfault
sfei: misfeign
sfon: misfond
isgy: misgye
sgye: misgye
glyi: misgivinglying
sgot: misgotten
sgug: misguggle
khwu: mishikhwutmetunne
hwut: mishikhwutmetunne
wutm: mishikhwutmetunne
hnah: mishnah
slle: mislled
pnis: misocapnist
srew: misreward
ssug: missuggestion
nusk: mistonusk
svid: misviding
swre: miswrest
isze: miszealous
szea: miszealous
ytac: mytacism
ythl: mythland
yths: myths
tsvo: mitsvoth
svot: mitsvoth
lmee: mittelmeer
mitv: mitvoth
itvo: mitvoth
tzvo: mitzvoth
zvot: mitzvoth
yxae: myxaemia
yxam: myxamoeba
xamo: myxamoeba
yxan: myxangitis
yxas: myxasthenia
mixb: mixblood
ixbl: mixblood
yxem: myxemia
mixh: mixhill
ixhi: mixhill
ixib: mixible
ixob: mixobarbaric
ixoc: mixochromosome
yxol: myxolipoma
yxon: myxoneuroma
ixos: mixosaurus
mizm: mizmaze
zmaz: mizmaze
mizp: mizpah
izpa: mizpah
zrac: mizrach
zrah: mizrah
zrai: mizraim
mktg: mktg
hchh: mlechchha
mmfd: mmfd
mmmm: mmmm
mnag: mnage
mnev: mnevis
oanl: moanless
moas: moas
mobp: mobproof
bsme: mobsmen
ockg: mockground
mocm: mocmain
modd: modder
modg: modge
mods: mods
dumi: modumite
oeck: moeck
moeh: moehringia
oehr: moehringia
ehri: moehringia
moeu: moeurs
oeur: moeurs
mogd: mogdad
ogda: mogdad
ogip: mogiphonia
giph: mogiphonia
ohav: mohave
wkia: mohawkian
oheg: mohegan
eyam: mohineyam
mohn: mohnseed
hnse: mohnseed
hooh: mohoohoo
mohw: mohwa
ohwa: mohwa
yenl: moyenless
oyit: moyite
kiha: mokihana
moku: mokum
aaff: molengraaffite
bdon: molybdonosus
molk: molka
ymaw: mollymawk
uscs: molluscs
olmu: molmutian
molr: molrooken
oltt: moltten
molv: molvi
momz: momzer
omze: momzer
nadn: monadnock
gasq: monegasque
eyge: moneygetting
neyo: moneyocracy
eyoc: moneyocracy
eysa: moneysaving
ysav: moneysaving
ngoy: mongoyo
goyo: mongoyo
reln: mongrelness
monh: monheimite
onkb: monkbird
onkc: monkcraft
nkcr: monkcraft
onkd: monkdom
eynu: monkeynut
eyta: monkeytail
nkfl: monkflower
onkm: monkmonger
nkmo: monkmonger
oeid: monoeidic
ohul: monohull
lasr: monoplasric
asri: monoplasric
sric: monoplasric
umoa: monopneumoa
gnev: monseignevr
nevr: monseignevr
taby: montabyn
abyn: montabyn
ntez: montezuma
tezu: montezuma
ezum: montezuma
ntpe: montpelier
tpel: montpelier
oydi: montroydite
ntuv: montuvio
tuvi: montuvio
mooa: mooachaht
ooac: mooachaht
haht: mooachaht
mooe: mooed
mooi: mooing
okht: mookhtar
lvee: moolvee
oonq: moonquake
ewob: moosewob
plah: moplah
idez: morbidezza
guoi: moringuoid
mork: morkin
aors: mormaorship
orox: moroxite
rphg: morphgan
phga: morphgan
thwy: morthwyrtha
hwyr: morthwyrtha
wyrt: morthwyrtha
morv: morvin
mosg: mosgu
osgu: mosgu
emah: moslemah
sbun: mossbunker
tdea: mostdeal
twha: mostwhat
otaz: motazilite
rfuc: motherfucker
otyk: motyka
tyka: motyka
uedh: mouedhin
dhin: mouedhin
uldm: mouldmade
uldw: mouldwarp
oulr: moulrush
oulv: moulvi
moup: moup
seio: mouseion
eweb: mouseweb
seux: mousseux
hpip: mouthpipe
viei: movieize
ieiz: movieize
wcht: mowcht
whay: mowhay
mowl: mowland
wrah: mowrah
oxib: moxibustion
moxo: moxo
mpbs: mpbs
mphp: mphps
phps: mphps
mrem: mrem
msec: msec
msou: msource
mtge: mtge
mtie: mtier
mtsc: mtscmd
tscm: mtscmd
scmd: mtscmd
muan: muang
muba: mubarat
hfol: muchfold
kamu: muckamuck
ckhi: muckhill
ckib: muckibus
kmid: muckmidden
lucs: muclucs
mudb: mudbank
udba: mudbank
udej: mudejar
udfa: mudfat
rieh: mudirieh
udpa: mudpack
dpac: mudpack
udsk: mudskipper
udsu: mudsucker
mudt: mudtrack
udtr: mudtrack
mueh: muehlenbeckia
uehl: muehlenbeckia
mues: muesli
uesl: muesli
mufa: mufasal
fasa: mufasal
muga: muga
muge: mugearite
mugf: mugful
gwet: mugwet
uhly: muhly
uhli: muhlies
muid: muid
muil: muilla
uirb: muirburn
uirf: muirfowl
muys: muysca
uysc: muysca
muyu: muyusa
uyus: muyusa
muje: mujeres
mujt: mujtahid
ujta: mujtahid
jtah: mujtahid
muka: mukade
ukad: mukade
mukd: mukden
ukde: mukden
kden: mukden
mukr: mukri
ukte: muktear
ktea: muktear
ukti: mukti
ktuk: muktuk
lcts: mulcts
muld: mulder
tiby: multibyte
ifon: multifont
igap: multigap
ihop: multihop
ihul: multihull
ltii: multiinfection
tije: multijet
mulv: mulvel
mumc: mumchance
mume: mume
mumh: mumhouse
mumj: mumjuma
umju: mumjuma
mmyh: mummyhood
mmyl: mummylike
umms: mumms
mumn: mumness
mumr: mumruffin
mruf: mumruffin
dunu: mundunugu
ungc: mungcorn
gofa: mungofa
ngub: munguba
jacs: muntjacs
muph: muphrid
urkn: murkness
emew: murlemewes
murn: murnival
urrn: murrnong
rrno: murrnong
urux: muruxi
murv: murva
rzim: murzim
scly: muscly
bbih: mushabbihite
bihi: mushabbihite
ihit: mushabbihite
ebiy: mushrebiyeh
sicm: musicmonger
uskf: muskflower
uskg: muskgrass
skgr: muskgrass
skho: muskhogean
khog: muskhogean
koxe: muskoxen
skwa: muskwaki
musm: musmon
usmo: musmon
musn: musnud
usnu: musnud
uasp: musquaspen
ssuk: mussuk
sulw: mussulwoman
afuz: mustafuz
tahf: mustahfiz
ahfi: mustahfiz
hfiz: mustahfiz
sths: musths
stnt: mustnt
musu: musumee
utaf: mutafacient
utsj: mutsje
tsje: mutsje
utuu: mutuum
mutw: mutwalli
muus: muumuus
muvu: muvule
muza: muzarab
zlew: muzzlewood
mwal: mwalimu
mzee: mzee
mzun: mzungu
naas: naassenes
aass: naassenes
nabc: nabcheat
nabk: nabk
ynab: nabobrynabobs
hlag: nachschlag
htmm: nachtmml
tmml: nachtmml
dirs: nadirs
naeb: naebody
gaik: nagaika
gyag: nagyagite
nagk: nagkassar
agka: nagkassar
gkas: nagkassar
gmaa: nagmaal
ayau: nayaur
yaur: nayaur
naib: naib
aifl: naifly
naio: naio
naip: naipkin
aipk: naipkin
naiq: naique
komg: nakomgilisala
omgi: nakomgilisala
mgil: nakomgilisala
nanm: nanmu
nnof: nannofossil
nowo: nanoword
nanp: nanpie
aome: naometry
aomi: naomi
naot: naoto
aoto: naoto
pecr: napecrest
aump: nasaump
hgab: nashgab
hgob: nashgob
shvi: nashville
sioa: nasioalveolar
askh: naskhi
asro: nasrol
heza: natchezan
hnee: natchnee
ugah: naugahyde
gahy: naugahyde
ujai: naujaite
nauk: naukrar
krar: naukrar
uplp: nauplplii
plpl: nauplplii
varh: navarho
laef: naviculaeform
awob: nawob
nawt: nawt
nazd: nazdrowie
azdr: nazdrowie
zdro: nazdrowie
azii: naziism
ziis: naziism
neaf: neaf
raiv: nearaivays
ivay: nearaivays
vays: nearaivays
ebii: nebiim
biim: nebiim
dnez: nebuchadnezzar
nezz: nebuchadnezzar
eckc: neckcloth
eckg: neckguard
kyok: neckyoke
edsl: needsly
dsly: needsly
neeg: neeger
elgh: neelghan
effy: neffy
neft: neftgil
eftg: neftgil
ftgi: neftgil
tgil: neftgil
negq: negqtiator
egqt: negqtiator
gqti: negqtiator
qtia: negqtiator
nehi: nehiloth
nehr: nehru
ehru: nehru
eipe: neiper
ejdi: nejdi
nekk: nekkar
nelk: nelken
eoac: neoacademic
ofab: neofabraea
neoy: neoytterbium
eool: neoologist
eowa: neowashingtonia
eoza: neoza
poui: nepouite
ouit: nepouite
nepq: nepquite
epqu: nepquite
ritj: neritjc
itjc: neritjc
nerk: nerka
rvep: nerveproof
rvii: nervii
vimu: nervimuscular
eskh: neskhi
ueho: nesquehonite
eugk: neugkroschen
ugkr: neugkroschen
gkro: neugkroschen
tizc: neumatizce
izce: neumatizce
myic: neuromyic
nevy: nevyanskite
evya: nevyanskite
vyan: nevyanskite
nevu: nevus
wcal: newcal
wfas: newfashioned
ewgr: newground
wmow: newmown
newp: newport
ewsa: newsagent
wsbe: newsbeat
wsbi: newsbill
wsbr: newsbreak
ewsf: newsful
wsgr: newsgroup
ewsy: newsy
wssh: newssheet
ewsv: newsvendor
wsve: newsvendor
wtak: newtake
ewts: newts
extd: nextdoor
xtdo: nextdoor
extn: nextness
xtne: nextness
goko: ngoko
nyay: nyaya
yanj: nyanja
yanz: nyanza
bsom: nibsome
kelb: nickelbloom
nyck: nyckelharpa
ycke: nyckelharpa
ltyp: nickeltype
nyet: nyet
ievl: nievling
evli: nievling
fesi: nifesima
iflh: niflheim
flhe: niflheim
lhei: niflheim
iggr: niggra
ghtd: nightdress
htdr: nightdress
htfl: nightflit
htga: nightgale
htlo: nightlong
gnay: nignay
gnye: nignye
sceo: nigresceous
iyam: niyama
niyo: niyoga
iyog: niyoga
nijh: nijholt
ijho: nijholt
jhol: nijholt
niji: nijinsky
nikl: niklesite
ylga: nylgau
nilp: nilpotent
nimk: nimkish
mkis: nimkish
ymss: nymss
etyf: ninetyfold
etyk: ninetyknot
tykn: ninetyknot
nipc: nipcheese
nirm: nirmanakaya
nisq: nisqualli
agmu: nystagmus
nytr: nytril
osoa: nitrosoamine
niua: niuan
iuan: niuan
niue: niue
iveo: niveous
nixy: nixy
nixt: nixtamal
ixta: nixtamal
zams: nizams
zamu: nizamut
nizy: nizy
njav: njave
oahi: noahic
obbu: nobbut
ocak: nocake
tuae: noctuae
noeb: noebcd
oebc: noebcd
noib: noibwood
oibw: noibwood
noix: noix
nokt: nokta
nolt: nolt
nahy: nonahydrate
cabn: nonapplicabness
nasb: nonasbestine
dibn: nonedibness
nenz: nonenzymic
nlip: nonlipoidal
npyo: nonpyogenic
vabn: nonresolvabness
keds: nonskeds
onvv: nonvvacua
nvva: nonvvacua
vvac: nonvvacua
ootk: nootka
otka: nootka
palr: nopalry
iold: nordenskioldine
rkyn: norkyn
ewoc: norridgewock
thup: northupite
rwey: norweyan
weya: norweyan
seov: noseover
ndud: notanduda
emug: notemugge
ifye: notifyee
fyee: notifyee
notk: notkerian
tker: notkerian
meai: noumeaite
oumm: noummos
novc: novcic
ovci: novcic
vcic: novcic
vemc: novemcostate
emdi: novemdigitate
vemf: novemfid
veml: novemlobate
mlob: novemlobate
vemn: novemnervate
vemp: novemperfoliate
ovob: novobiocin
ovod: novodamus
voda: novodamus
lsky: novorolsky
ovus: novus
nowr: nowroze
wroz: nowroze
owts: nowts
npfx: npfx
nuad: nuadu
nudz: nudzh
udzh: nudzh
ukuh: nukuhivan
kuhi: nukuhivan
uhiv: nukuhivan
ibiq: nullibiquitous
bsku: numbskull
numn: numnah
numu: numud
umud: numud
nunb: nunbird
nunh: nunhood
nunq: nunquam
nunr: nunry
unry: nunry
nuqu: nuque
nurh: nurhag
usak: nusakan
nusf: nusfiah
fiah: nusfiah
nutj: nutjobber
megs: nutmegs
oafd: oafdom
oakt: oaktongue
kweb: oakweb
bclu: obclude
obcu: obcuneate
obdt: obdt
obex: obex
bfir: obfirm
ctti: objecttification
bjet: objet
obji: objicient
objr: objranging
bjra: objranging
objs: objscan
bjsc: objscan
jsca: objscan
licq: oblicque
obne: obnebulate
bneb: obnebulate
bnun: obnunciation
bsed: obsede
bstu: obstupefy
obva: obvallate
bvel: obvelation
usog: occlusogingival
cner: ocneria
ctak: octakishexahedron
tavd: octavd
octd: octdra
ctdr: octdra
ctoy: octoyl
ctoo: octoon
cuby: ocuby
uloz: oculozygomatic
lisq: odalisque
oddf: oddfellow
ddfe: oddfellow
ddma: oddman
ddsb: oddsbud
ddsi: oddside
lsth: odelsthing
olox: odontoloxia
odwy: odwyer
dwye: odwyer
ffbr: offbreak
fbre: offbreak
fgoi: offgoing
ffgr: offgrade
fgra: offgrade
cerh: officerhood
ffpa: offpay
fpay: offpay
ffps: offpspring
fsad: offsaddle
fsca: offscape
fscr: offscreen
fscu: offscum
ffty: offtype
fftr: offtrack
fthi: ofthink
ftwh: oftwhiles
ogpu: ogpu
ohoy: ohoy
oyap: oyapock
oidw: oidwlfe
idwl: oidwlfe
dwlf: oidwlfe
wlfe: oidwlfe
oyel: oyelet
oyez: oyez
kopl: oikoplast
oiks: oiks
hoai: oinochoai
bwas: ojibwas
kaye: okayed
kayi: okaying
kehs: okehs
ehao: okolehao
kruz: okruzi
oofd: okshoofd
okth: okthabah
okua: okuari
upuk: okupukupu
olaf: olaf
ldla: oldland
dwen: oldwench
eoyl: oleoyl
gaem: oligaemia
gidr: oligidria
gohe: oligohemia
gohy: oligohydramnios
okeu: oligotokeus
keus: oligotokeus
ykoe: olykoek
lamh: ollamh
llav: ollav
liuq: ololiuqui
iuqu: ololiuqui
ndoy: ondoyant
doya: ondoyant
eupm: oneupmanship
newh: onewhere
yxit: onyxitis
ofri: onofrite
pord: onopordon
ooan: ooangium
ofbi: oofbird
oooo: oooo
opuh: oopuhue
puhu: oopuhue
uhue: oopuhue
ooua: oouassa
pcod: opcode
pdal: opdalite
iucu: ophiucus
lmio: ophthalmious
piis: opiism
opim: opimian
sisf: opsisform
rakz: orakzai
orao: oraon
eamn: oreamnos
rfev: orfevrerie
fevr: orfevrerie
orfg: orfgild
rfgi: orfgild
fgil: orfgild
rgyi: orgyia
gyia: orgyia
hamw: orhamwood
oriy: oriya
ryze: oryzenin
yzen: oryzenin
ryzi: oryzivorous
yziv: oryzivorous
zivo: oryzivorous
yzop: oryzopsis
zops: oryzopsis
rmuz: ormuzine
muzi: ormuzine
yzou: ornithomyzous
thvr: ornithvrous
hvro: ornithvrous
ggap: oroggaphical
hanr: orphanry
aedy: orthopaedy
pedy: orthopedy
tyga: ortygan
oscn: oscnode
scno: oscnode
smio: osmious
eoap: osseoaponeurotic
teoh: osteohalisteresis
eoha: osteohalisteresis
strc: ostrca
trca: ostrca
oswa: oswald
rldn: otherworldness
otko: otkon
tkon: otkon
cetc: otopathicetc
ttaj: ottajanite
otuq: otuquian
otxi: otxi
ouak: ouakari
uyez: ouyezd
ouij: ouija
uphs: ouphs
tadm: outadmiral
tbad: outbade
tbbl: outbbled
tbbr: outbbred
tbye: outbye
tbuy: outbuy
tbuz: outbuzz
tcam: outcame
utce: outcept
tdac: outdaciousness
tdes: outdespatch
tdid: outdid
tdoi: outdoing
tdon: outdone
tdru: outdrunk
utdu: outdure
utff: outffed
tffe: outffed
tfic: outfiction
tgat: outgate
tgau: outgauge
tgav: outgave
tgli: outglitter
utya: outyard
tjaz: outjazz
tjes: outjest
tjoc: outjockey
tkep: outkept
tkil: outkill
tkna: outknave
tkne: outknee
tlyi: outlying
utll: outlled
tlle: outlled
tlod: outlodging
tlot: outlot
tlun: outlung
tlus: outluster
tmag: outmagic
utmi: outmiracle
utna: outname
tnoi: outnoise
tnoo: outnook
tpoc: outpocketing
tpom: outpomp
tshu: outshut
tsif: outsift
tsuf: outsuffer
tthu: outthunder
tthw: outthwack
ttwi: outtwine
tusu: outusure
tvan: outvanish
tvig: outvigil
utvy: outvying
tvyi: outvying
dsou: outwardsoutwarred
twep: outwept
twru: outwrung
twwe: outwwept
outz: outzany
tzan: outzany
vrag: ouvrage
uzos: ouzos
vahe: ovaherero
valw: ovalwise
ioab: ovarioabdominal
toob: ovatooblong
rbep: overbepatched
rglu: overglut
rhit: overhit
rhov: overhover
rjut: overjutting
rkna: overknavery
rlii: overliing
rmaj: overmajority
rpam: overpamper
rrav: overravish
eptt: overskeptticism
rsno: oversnow
rwad: overwade
rwip: overwiped
vocy: ovocyte
ovoe: ovoelliptic
ovof: ovoflavin
vofl: ovoflavin
vogo: ovogonium
vopy: ovopyriform
owyh: owyheeite
wyhe: owyheeite
yhee: owyheeite
owlg: owlglass
wlgl: owlglass
lgla: owlglass
owlh: owlhead
wlhe: owlhead
wreg: owregane
wreh: owrehip
wsen: owsen
owtc: owtchah
wtch: owtchah
oxad: oxadiazole
xald: oxaldehyde
xale: oxalemia
xama: oxamate
xbit: oxbiter
xboy: oxboy
oxbr: oxbrake
xbra: oxbrake
oxeo: oxeote
xeot: oxeote
oxet: oxetone
xeto: oxetone
oxfl: oxfly
xfly: oxfly
xgal: oxgall
xgan: oxgang
oxgo: oxgoad
xgoa: oxgoad
xhar: oxharrow
oxhi: oxhide
xhid: oxhide
xhof: oxhoft
oxhu: oxhuvud
xhuv: oxhuvud
huvu: oxhuvud
uvud: oxhuvud
xyal: oxyaldehyde
xyam: oxyamine
xyas: oxyaster
xybl: oxyblepsia
xybr: oxybromide
xycr: oxycrate
xydi: oxydiact
xidu: oxidulated
xyes: oxyesthesia
xyfa: oxyfatty
xyga: oxygas
xygn: oxygnathous
xyio: oxyiodide
yluc: oxyluciferin
xyma: oxymandelic
htoq: oxynaphtoquinone
xyni: oxynitrate
xynt: oxyntic
xyos: oxyosphresia
xypy: oxypycnos
ypyc: oxypycnos
xypi: oxypicric
xypo: oxypolis
xypu: oxypurine
cics: oxytocics
oxyw: oxywelding
xywe: oxywelding
ywel: oxywelding
oxla: oxland
xlan: oxland
oxph: oxphony
xpho: oxphony
oxre: oxreim
xrei: oxreim
xsho: oxshoe
ozae: ozaena
zaen: ozaena
ozan: ozan
ozob: ozobrome
zobr: ozobrome
ozoc: ozocerite
zoen: ozoena
ozot: ozotype
paal: paal
paan: paaneleinrg
inrg: paaneleinrg
paas: paas
paau: paauw
aauw: paauw
paaw: paawkier
aawk: paawkier
pabb: pabble
hycl: pachycladous
chye: pachyemia
hynt: pachyntic
hizu: pachyrhizus
izus: pachyrhizus
chyv: pachyvaginitis
hyva: pachyvaginitis
yvag: pachyvaginitis
cink: pacinko
uryu: pacouryuva
ryuv: pacouryuva
pacq: pacquet
cluo: padcluoth
dywh: paddywhack
padf: padfoot
padp: padpiece
padt: padtree
eoun: paeounlae
nlae: paeounlae
paep: paepae
aepa: paepae
gatp: pagatpat
atpa: pagatpat
pagg: paggle
pagr: pagrus
pahm: pahmi
pahu: pahutan
aico: paiconeca
yeny: payeny
payy: payyetan
ayye: payyetan
yyet: payyetan
paij: paijama
ilsf: pailsful
nimh: paynimhood
imry: paynimry
imri: paynimrie
ntpo: paintpot
paip: paip
ytam: paytamine
paiu: paiute
aiut: paiute
paiw: paiwari
jahu: pajahuello
paje: pajero
ajer: pajero
pakc: pakchoi
akhp: pakhpuluk
khpu: pakhpuluk
hpul: pakhpuluk
uluk: pakhpuluk
pakt: paktong
aear: palaearctic
aeen: palaeentomology
aeeu: palaeeudyptes
eeud: palaeeudyptes
aeof: palaeofauna
aeov: palaeovolcanic
aihn: palaihnihan
ihni: palaihnihan
hnih: palaihnihan
palb: palberry
lenq: palenque
eoic: paleoichthyology
leov: paleovolcanic
alfg: palfgeys
fgey: palfgeys
lisf: palisfy
lliy: palliyan
lmae: palmae
lmch: palmchrist
lmcr: palmcrist
mcri: palmcrist
almf: palmful
lmfu: palmful
lmwi: palmwise
pacl: palpacle
lsyi: palsying
lsyl: palsylike
lsyw: palsywort
pamb: pambanmanche
banm: pambanmanche
pamh: pamhy
amhy: pamhy
paml: pamlico
pamu: pamunkey
nboe: panboeotian
haxe: panchaxes
reoz: pancreozymin
eozy: pancreozymin
nfry: panfry
nicf: panicful
anmy: panmyelophthisis
anmn: panmnesia
nmne: panmnesia
nmug: panmug
anpl: panplegia
anpn: panpneumatism
ntdr: pantdress
ntyh: pantyhose
toia: pantoiatrical
oums: pantoums
paon: paon
paop: paopao
aopa: paopao
papb: papboat
papm: papmeat
apov: papovavirus
ovav: papovavirus
ppyr: pappyri
ppox: pappox
losq: papulosquamous
elsu: paracelsus
igms: paradigms
xuru: paradoxurus
ahip: parahippus
eips: paraleipsis
oeac: paranoeac
aope: paraoperation
pphy: parapphyllia
celw: parcelwise
daos: pardaos
entd: parentdom
eoea: pareoean
rfey: parfey
heln: parhelnm
elnm: parhelnm
iahd: pariahdom
etoj: parietojugal
etoq: parietoquadrate
hmio: paristhmion
leyv: parleyvoo
eyvo: parleyvoo
yvoo: parleyvoo
oeon: paromoeon
otbi: parrotbill
siis: parsiism
rtyk: partykin
rtym: partymonger
vifl: parviflorous
schf: paschflower
pasg: pasgarde
amez: passamezzo
rsby: passersby
assg: passgang
ymea: passymeasure
sssa: passsaging
iccc: pasticcci
ccci: pasticcci
pasu: pasul
patd: patd
tefy: patefy
patg: patgia
atgi: patgia
tgia: patgia
paty: paty
tnid: patnidar
resf: patresfamilias
esfa: patresfamilias
atsy: patsy
atuc: patuca
atux: patuxent
paua: paua
ucij: paucijugate
ciju: paucijugate
auky: pauky
aukp: paukpan
ulow: paulownia
paux: pauxi
pavy: pavy
vonc: pavoncella
pawa: pawaw
pawd: pawdite
pawi: pawing
awkr: pawkrie
wkri: pawkrie
pawm: pawmark
pawt: pawtucket
wtuc: pawtucket
axiu: paxiuba
xiub: paxiuba
paza: pazaree
pbxe: pbxes
bxes: pbxes
eags: peags
eaii: peaiism
aiis: peaiism
eakg: peakgoose
akgo: peakgoose
kgoo: peakgoose
peap: peapod
rlbi: pearlbird
rlbu: pearlbush
lfru: pearlfruit
rliz: pearlized
rlsi: pearlsides
rlsp: pearlspar
rlst: pearlstone
rlwe: pearlweed
rlwo: pearlwort
ofim: pectinatofimbricate
gyin: pedagogying
ddla: peddlar
ediw: pediwak
drer: pedrero
peeo: peeoy
eeoy: peeoy
pegh: pegh
egox: pegoxyl
goxy: pegoxyl
pegt: pegtops
egto: pegtops
gtop: pegtops
pegw: pegwood
pehl: pehlevi
huen: pehuenche
eikt: peiktha
ikth: peiktha
peip: peiping
eipi: peiping
eyto: peyton
peiz: peize
peje: pejerrey
rgik: pelargikon
sgic: pelasgic
sgik: pelasgikon
sgoi: pelasgoi
pelh: pelham
veop: pelveoperitonitis
hixe: pemphixes
cilr: pencilry
rolq: penetrolqgy
olqg: penetrolqgy
lqgy: penetrolqgy
eeck: penneeck
nycr: pennycress
nnye: pennyearth
nnyf: pennyflower
nyfl: pennyflower
enpu: penpusher
ntaz: pentazocine
ntyn: pentyne
pepf: pepful
pepy: pepysian
epys: pepysian
pysi: pepysian
pequ: pequot
rcev: perceval
ercn: percnosome
rcno: percnosome
ifum: perdifume
drix: perdrix
rfay: perfay
fidy: perfidy
rhaz: perhazard
icox: pericoxitis
riep: periependymal
ijej: perijejunitis
ijov: perijove
rikr: perikronion
imye: perimyelitis
iods: periods
ioik: perioikoi
iomp: periomphalic
rioo: perioophoritis
ioop: perioophoritis
rioq: perioque
iryr: periryrle
ryrl: periryrle
sosy: perissosyllabic
iumb: periumbilical
riuv: periuvular
iuvu: periuvular
wigp: periwigpated
igpa: periwigpated
rmaf: permafrost
mafr: permafrost
meam: permeameter
rnyc: pernychia
rnyi: pernyi
mysc: peromyscus
yscu: peromyscus
rovs: perovskite
xybo: peroxyborate
dicp: peroxidicperoxiding
icpe: peroxidicperoxiding
cper: peroxidicperoxiding
etuu: perpetuum
lexm: perplexment
rruk: perrukery
rseu: perseus
urbm: perturbment
rbme: perturbment
esah: pesah
rsbu: petersburg
titg: petitgrain
ttyg: pettygod
tygo: pettygod
peug: peugeot
peuh: peuhl
euhl: peuhl
eulv: peulvan
eumu: peumus
pewd: pewdom
ewfe: pewfellow
wfel: pewfellow
ewfu: pewful
pewl: pewless
pewm: pewmate
zaef: pezizaeform
zizo: pezizoid
ezog: pezograph
pfaf: pfaffian
nuss: pfeffernuss
pfei: pfeifferella
pfui: pfui
ttrp: pgnttrp
ytab: phagocytable
phaj: phajus
aohs: pharaohs
goam: pharyngoamygdalitis
goke: pharyngokeratosis
ngox: pharyngoxerosis
smaj: phasmajector
hecd: phecda
ecda: phecda
heea: pheeal
nelz: phenelzine
elzi: phenelzine
lzin: phenelzine
ylbo: phenylboric
ylbu: phenylbutazone
nyld: phenyldiethanolamine
enoq: phenoquinone
ycio: phyciodes
ilhy: philhymnic
lhym: philhymnic
lhip: philhippic
cyny: philocyny
lokl: philokleptic
hysh: physharmonica
hysn: physnomy
ytiv: phytivorous
optu: phytoptus
egmy: phlegmy
egml: phlegmless
gmle: phlegmless
gopi: phlogopite
ridz: phloridzin
idzi: phloridzin
nixl: phoenixlike
ixli: phoenixlike
dylc: phosphatidylcholine
olpy: phosphoenolpyruvate
ofru: phosphofructokinase
toaq: photoaquatint
otph: photphotonegative
tpho: photphotonegative
ousd: phousdar
usda: phousdar
hpht: phpht
gmid: phragmidium
raih: phrenograih
ugoi: phugoid
phut: phut
acev: piacevole
cevo: piacevole
pyas: pyas
pibc: pibcorn
pibg: pibgorn
ibgo: pibgorn
bgor: pibgorn
pych: pyche
cieg: pichiciego
kaxi: pickaxing
kiet: pickietar
kmaw: pickmaw
ckov: pickover
kpur: pickpurse
cnan: pycnanthemum
cnin: pycninidia
cnio: pycniospore
cnit: pycnite
cniu: pycnium
ctla: pictland
pidj: pidjajap
idja: pidjajap
ielu: pielum
naar: pienaar
pyen: pyengadu
ntao: pientao
zocr: piezocrystallization
igbe: pigbelly
igda: pigdan
gdan: pigdan
eonm: pigeonman
eonp: pigeonpox
eonr: pigeonry
igfa: pigface
igfl: pigflower
igya: pigyard
ygme: pygmean
gmew: pigmew
igmy: pigmy
gmyd: pygmydom
gmyh: pygmyhood
gmys: pygmyship
gmyw: pygmyweed
ygof: pygofer
igsc: pigsconce
gsni: pigsnies
igsw: pigswill
gswi: pigswill
gwea: pigweabbits
weab: pigweabbits
piit: piitis
pyke: pyke
ykna: pyknatom
ylad: pylades
lafs: pilafs
rimd: pilgrimdom
imdo: pilgrimdom
pilk: pilkins
wmad: pillowmade
lpay: pilpay
pilw: pilwillet
pimb: pimbina
pimg: pimgenet
imge: pimgenet
piml: pimlico
nayu: pinayusa
naty: pinatype
hcru: pinchcrust
nchg: pinchgut
hgut: pinchgut
nckn: pinckneya
incp: pincpinc
ncpi: pincpinc
cpin: pincpinc
injr: pinjra
njra: pinjra
pynu: pynung
ynun: pynung
nxit: pinxit
inxt: pinxter
nxte: pinxter
pyob: pyobacillosis
pyoh: pyohemothorax
pyoi: pyoid
ioup: pioupiou
pyou: pyoureter
pyov: pyovesiculosis
pyox: pyoxanthose
piox: pioxe
pecl: pipeclay
pipy: pipy
kaul: pipikaula
iqur: piqure
qure: piqure
yrge: pyrgeometer
irij: pirijiri
ijir: pirijiri
iroj: pirojki
rojk: pirojki
ojki: pirojki
mucy: pyromucyl
lpni: pyrostilpnite
pnit: pyrostilpnite
roxm: pyroxmangite
ozhk: pirozhki
zhki: pirozhki
zhok: pirozhok
rhoc: pyrrhocoridae
rhul: pyrrhuloxia
ulox: pyrrhuloxia
irrm: pirrmaw
rrma: pirrmaw
irss: pirssonite
vald: pyruvaldehyde
ruvy: pyruvyl
uvyl: pyruvyl
yruw: pyruwl
ruwl: pyruwl
cifa: piscifauna
pisg: pisgah
sgah: pisgah
hpos: pishposh
ishq: pishquow
hquo: pishquow
quow: pishquow
isku: piskun
tolw: pistolwise
auir: pitahauirata
yita: pitayita
itaw: pitawas
tcai: pitcairnia
hble: pitchblende
hpik: pitchpike
oegi: pithoegia
hoig: pithoigia
itir: pitirri
menp: pitmenpitmirk
ttsb: pittsburgher
tsbu: pittsburgher
itwr: pitwright
piup: piupiu
iupi: piupiu
votm: pivotman
pyvu: pyvuril
yvur: pyvuril
piwu: piwut
iwut: piwut
xiei: pixieish
ixyi: pixyish
xyis: pixyish
pkgs: pkgs
pkwy: pkwy
agae: plagae
agih: plagihedral
aycl: playclothes
idoy: plaidoyer
ayoc: playock
anck: planckian
noor: planoorbicular
anxt: planxty
nxty: planxty
icim: plasticimeter
tesf: platesful
tycy: platycyrtean
yrte: platycyrtean
atyf: platyfish
tyhi: platyhieric
tyno: platynotal
umsm: platinumsmith
smam: platysmamyoides
attd: plattdeutsch
ttde: plattdeutsch
tdeu: plattdeutsch
plbr: plbroch
ntso: pleasantsome
emyr: plemyrameter
lewc: plewch
ewch: plewch
xipp: plexippus
plyb: plyboard
plyg: plygain
ygai: plygain
plyn: plynlymmon
lynl: plynlymmon
ynly: plynlymmon
lotp: plotproof
lotx: plotx
ghfi: ploughfish
ughj: ploughjogger
ghjo: ploughjogger
hjog: ploughjogger
hpoi: ploughpoint
wbot: plowbote
wgan: plowgang
wjog: plowjogger
owwr: plowwright
wwri: plowwright
plta: pltano
lugd: plugdrawer
ugdr: plugdrawer
mbeo: plumbeous
mboj: plumbojarosite
boja: plumbojarosite
mcot: plumcot
lupf: plupf
uamp: plusquamperfect
pmsg: pmsg
pnce: pnce
umov: pneumoventriculography
pnyx: pnyx
pnxt: pnxt
pobs: pobs
irii: podaliriidae
ddid: poddidge
oddo: poddock
delc: podelcoma
tiif: podetiiform
hryi: podophryidae
ryid: podophryidae
odoz: podozamites
doza: podozamites
podt: podtia
podw: podware
poeb: poebird
oeml: poemlet
etcr: poetcraft
oetd: poetdom
iise: poetiised
iisi: poetiising
oetw: poetwise
pogi: pogies
pohn: pohna
pohu: pohutukawa
ohut: pohutukawa
ukaw: pohutukawa
poia: poiana
poyb: poybird
oybi: poybird
oict: poictesme
ntbl: pointblank
poir: poire
seui: poiseuille
oisu: poisure
poiv: poivrade
oivr: poivrade
vrad: poivrade
okeo: pokeout
poku: pokunt
okun: pokunt
olej: polejumper
leju: polejumper
lyaf: polyaffectioned
yalp: polyalphabetic
yamy: polyamylose
ycye: polycyesis
yctt: polycttarian
ydig: polydigital
ydim: polydimensional
ydym: polydymite
lyed: polyedral
lyel: polyelectrolyte
yenz: polyenzymatic
lyfe: polyfenestral
yfen: polyfenestral
yfoi: polyfoil
ynai: polygynaiky
ygly: polyglycerol
ygor: polygordius
yhyb: polyhybrid
yhid: polyhidrosis
yidr: polyidrosis
lyim: polyimide
yimi: polyimide
lyio: polyiodide
lyka: polykaryocyte
ykar: polykaryocyte
ymaz: polymazia
ymig: polymignite
ymyx: polymyxin
ymny: polymny
lyna: polynaphthene
ynee: polynee
lyoi: polyoicous
yorg: polyorganic
liov: poliovirus
oesb: polyphloesboean
sboe: polyphloesboean
oioi: polyphloisboioism
ypig: polypigerous
ypty: polyptych
lyve: polyve
yvir: polyvirulent
lyvo: polyvoltine
yvol: polyvoltine
olyw: polywater
polj: polje
olje: polje
lkae: polkaed
ladz: polladz
kiur: pollakiuria
ollc: pollcadot
lenp: pollenproof
lska: polska
polv: polverine
polz: polzenite
lzen: polzenite
eshc: pomeshchik
omiv: pomivorous
peii: pompeii
ondg: pondgrass
dokk: pondokkie
okki: pondokkie
kkie: pondokkie
ponh: ponhaws
ponj: ponja
tacq: pontacq
ontv: pontvolant
ntvo: pontvolant
ponz: ponzite
pooa: pooa
poog: poogye
oohp: poohpoohist
ohpo: poohpoohist
pooj: poojah
okau: pookaun
kaun: pookaun
okaw: pookawn
kawn: pookawn
poov: poove
popd: popdock
opgl: popglove
pglo: popglove
popj: popjoy
opjo: popjoy
pjoy: popjoy
plil: poplilia
ppyw: poppywort
pywo: poppywort
popw: popweed
porb: porbeagle
rkbu: porkburger
orkc: porkchop
rkch: porkchop
okai: porokaiwhiria
rtah: portahepatis
ortp: portpayne
rtpa: portpayne
tsok: portsoken
porz: porzana
snan: posnanian
sisd: possisdendi
sumh: possumhaw
mhaw: possumhaw
sumw: possumwood
talv: postalveolar
taud: postauditory
tbap: postbaptismal
tcae: postcaecal
tcec: postcecal
tces: postcesarean
stci: postcibal
tcib: postcibal
tcod: postcode
tcoe: postcoenal
tcoi: postcoital
tcox: postcoxal
stcu: postcubital
tcub: postcubital
tdep: postdepressive
tdet: postdetermined
tdic: postdicrotic
tdys: postdysenteric
stdu: postdural
iorm: posteriormost
tfeb: postfebrile
tfem: postfemoral
tfet: postfetal
tfoe: postfoetal
tfov: postfoveal
tgem: postgeminum
stja: postjacent
stju: postjugular
tmyc: postmycotic
tmun: postmundane
tnec: postnecrotic
tnom: postnominal
tped: postpeduncular
tphl: postphlogistic
tpyc: postpycnotic
tpyl: postpyloric
stpn: postpneumonic
tpne: postpneumonic
tpue: postpuerperal
trhe: postrheumatic
trhi: postrhinal
tsym: postsymphysial
tsyp: postsyphilitic
tsys: postsystolic
tthy: postthyroidal
ttub: posttubercular
tvac: postvaccinal
tves: postvesical
stvi: postvide
tvid: postvide
stxi: postxiphoid
txip: postxiphoid
stxy: postxyphoid
txyp: postxyphoid
potd: potdar
otda: potdar
otgi: potgirl
tgir: potgirl
otwh: potwhisky
ucey: poucey
oucy: poucy
oufe: poufed
ufed: poufed
oufs: poufs
undc: poundcake
rtyw: povertyweed
tywe: povertyweed
powa: powan
powc: powcat
wdik: powdike
powl: powldoody
wsod: powsoddy
wsow: powsowdy
ozzy: pozzy
pptn: pptn
abhu: prabhu
aeab: praeabdomen
ipuu: praecipuum
puum: praecipuum
raee: praeesophageal
aees: praeesophageal
aefl: praefloration
aeha: praehallux
sepe: praesepe
raez: praezygapophysis
aezy: praezygapophysis
yerw: prayerwise
riew: prairieweed
rajn: prajna
nidh: pranidhana
pwan: pratapwant
attf: prattfall
ttfa: prattfall
xith: praxithea
eacn: preacness
eaes: preaestival
ealv: prealveolar
eaor: preaortic
ednc: precednce
dnce: precednce
ecee: preceeding
nemn: preconfinemnt
emnt: preconfinemnt
egeo: pregeological
regh: preghiera
gnen: pregnenolone
ehex: prehexameral
emyc: premycotic
ierj: premierjus
gpre: preobtrudingpreobtrusion
repd: prepd
repg: prepg
repn: prepn
epue: prepueblo
rerh: prerheumatic
yacu: presbyacusia
essg: pressgang
xted: pretexted
eumb: preumbonal
ntto: preventtoria
vued: prevued
vuin: prevuing
prib: pribble
klyb: pricklyback
kmad: prickmadam
kmed: prickmedainty
estd: priestdom
rigd: prigdom
maev: primaeval
imeu: primeur
mevi: primevity
mevo: primevous
mevr: primevrin
ncek: princekin
ntsc: printscript
pryp: pryproof
ivad: privado
tdoz: privatdozent
prix: prix
izeh: prizeholder
prla: prlate
oamu: proamusement
oauc: proauction
oaul: proaulion
roaw: proaward
lemd: problemdom
lemw: problemwise
obox: proboxing
obuy: probuying
obui: probuilding
tarx: procatarxis
rocb: procbal
ocba: procbal
deud: proctodeudea
rocz: proczarist
ocza: proczarist
rodp: prodproof
oegu: proegumenal
roeq: proequality
fitp: profitproof
ammn: programmng
mmng: programmng
oinn: proinnovationist
rokl: proklausis
etcu: proletcult
letk: proletkult
etku: proletkult
tkul: proletkult
ficy: prolificy
issv: promissvry
ssvr: promissvry
svry: promissvry
ronp: pronpl
opay: propayment
ecym: prophecymonger
laeu: propylaeum
pylh: propylhexedrine
lhex: propylhexedrine
pyls: propyls
sapy: prosapy
scyn: proscynemata
ciut: prosciutto
iutt: prosciutto
glyr: protectinglyrmal
lyrm: protectinglyrmal
einp: proteinphobia
hual: protocatechualdehyde
toyp: protoypes
oype: protoypes
oudh: proudhearted
ovoq: provoquant
xysh: proxyship
rudh: prudhomme
dhom: prudhomme
pruh: pruh
ruig: pruigo
uigo: pruigo
prul: prulaurasin
runu: prunus
almb: psalmbook
lmbo: psalmbook
psec: psec
dalv: pseudalveolar
dhae: pseudhaemal
dhem: pseudhemal
oank: pseudoankylosis
doaq: pseudoaquatic
doeq: pseudoequalitarian
doho: pseudoholoptic
udoy: pseudoyohimbine
udoj: pseudojervine
doje: pseudojervine
ojer: pseudojervine
dopn: pseudopneumonia
udoq: pseudoquinol
dosq: pseudosquamate
dosw: pseudosweating
dovu: pseudovum
udow: pseudowhorl
hoau: psychoautomatic
choq: psychoquackeries
syct: psycter
sywa: psywar
soad: psoadic
soae: psoae
soai: psoai
psov: psovie
pssi: pssimistical
psst: psst
psue: psuedo
godu: pterygodum
ygoq: pterygoquadrate
goqu: pterygoquadrate
gotu: pterygotus
ryry: pteryrygia
yryg: pteryrygia
lglu: pteroylglutamic
oylm: pteroylmonogl
ptts: ptts
puba: pubal
pubb: pubble
blil: publilian
bofe: pubofemoral
pubs: pubs
gwiv: puddingwives
pudu: pudu
ffbi: puffbird
finu: puffinus
ufft: pufftn
fftn: pufftn
fwig: puffwig
pugd: pugdog
pugh: pugh
pugl: puglianite
pugs: pugs
uyal: puyallup
uirn: puirness
isny: puisny
puju: pujunan
ujun: pujunan
keka: pukeka
pukh: pukhtun
puky: puky
pukk: pukka
pukr: pukras
ulaj: pulajan
lgad: pulgada
ulgh: pulghere
lghe: pulghere
ulij: pulijan
ulik: pulik
lpam: pulpamenta
ulpb: pulpboard
lpbo: pulpboard
lpef: pulpefaction
lpil: pulpily
lpst: pulpstone
lseb: pulsebeat
sidg: pulsidge
lsim: pulsimeter
ulsu: pulsus
vipl: pulviplume
pulw: pulwar
mpwr: pumpwright
gapu: pungapung
unys: punyship
puno: puno
punp: punproof
upae: pupae
upah: pupahood
pild: pupildom
pupl: puplike
petd: puppetdom
pyfe: puppyfeet
pyfo: puppyfoot
ppys: puppysnatch
pysn: puppysnatch
uluc: pupuluca
punh: pupunha
reay: pureayn
eayn: pureayn
urlm: purlman
uruh: puruha
ruha: puruha
pusg: pusgut
sgut: pusgut
hbut: pushbutton
hmob: pushmobile
ussc: pusscat
ssca: pusscat
syto: pussytoe
pusz: puszta
uszt: puszta
szta: puszta
putb: putback
tybl: puttyblower
ttyl: puttylike
tywo: puttywork
putz: putz
puxy: puxy
zlea: puzzleation
pwca: pwca
qada: qadarite
qadi: qadi
qaim: qaimaqam
maqa: qaimaqam
aqam: qaimaqam
qant: qantar
qata: qatar
qats: qats
qere: qere
qeri: qeri
qibl: qibla
qiya: qiyas
iuts: qiviuts
qohe: qoheleth
qtam: qtam
ksal: quacksalver
uadl: quadle
uadm: quadmeter
iumu: quadrienniumutile
driq: quadriquadric
drua: quadrual
uaeq: quaequae
uags: quags
uaif: quaife
uayf: quayful
uayi: quaying
uayl: quaylike
uaky: quaky
lmyi: qualmyish
almp: qualmproof
lmpr: qualmproof
uann: quannet
deel: quardeel
uarm: quarmen
tzif: quartziferous
rtzl: quartzless
tzoi: quartzoid
tzou: quartzous
asij: quasijudicial
siju: quasijudicial
uasq: quasquicentennial
uatc: quatch
rzai: quatorzain
uorv: quatuorvirate
quau: quauk
uauk: quauk
ymav: quaverymavery
qubb: qubba
uedf: quedful
ueds: quedship
ueec: queechy
ueet: queet
ueev: queeve
uegh: quegh
uelm: quelme
uelq: quelquechose
elqu: quelquechose
uetc: quetch
euei: queueing
uiap: quiapo
uiaq: quiaquia
dany: quiddany
ilez: quilez
uilk: quilkin
laji: quillajic
ajic: quillajic
naie: quinaielt
unxe: quincunxes
unxi: quincunxial
cimv: quindecimvir
uink: quink
ueju: quinquejugous
nsyw: quinsywort
ntfo: quintfoil
plir: quintupliribbed
uipf: quipful
rkse: quirksey
uirq: quirquincho
uisb: quisby
isby: quisby
uizm: quizmaster
zmas: quizmaster
zzac: quizzacious
zzee: quizzee
zish: quizzish
zity: quizzity
qung: qung
quoa: quoad
uoad: quoad
uods: quods
uoil: quoilers
amly: quondamly
uonk: quonking
uotl: quotlibet
uott: quott
uotu: quotum
qurt: qurti
aadz: raadzaal
adza: raadzaal
dzaa: raadzaal
zaal: raadzaal
raan: raanan
aasc: raasch
aash: raash
bitp: rabbitproof
bfak: rabfak
knum: racknumber
acoy: racoyian
oyia: racoyian
uetb: racquetball
adek: radek
ioio: radioiodine
ioir: radioiron
iumt: radiumtherapy
umth: radiumtherapy
mthe: radiumtherapy
radk: radknight
adkn: radknight
dsim: radsimir
radz: radzimir
adzi: radzimir
dzim: radzimir
afae: rafael
ffae: raffaelesque
geso: ragesome
ragp: ragpicker
gpic: ragpicker
usye: ragusye
hanw: rahanwin
aiae: raiae
aidp: raidproof
raif: raif
aiif: raiiform
lrid: railriding
wayd: railwaydom
insq: rainsquall
ajab: rajab
jash: rajaship
jast: rajasthani
rajb: rajbansi
ajba: rajbansi
jban: rajbansi
jend: rajendra
jesh: rajesh
jogu: rajoguna
ajpo: rajpoot
jpoo: rajpoot
ajpu: rajput
jput: rajput
akij: rakija
kija: rakija
ralp: ralph
mbeh: rambeh
ramd: ramdohrite
amdo: ramdohrite
mdoh: ramdohrite
dohr: ramdohrite
ohri: ramdohrite
ramg: ramgunshoch
amgu: ramgunshoch
mgun: ramgunshoch
lsbe: rammelsbergite
mnee: ramneek
neek: ramneek
amta: ramta
ramv: ramverse
amve: ramverse
domw: randomwise
omwi: randomwise
ngpu: rangpur
gpur: rangpur
njit: ranjit
somf: ransomfree
apak: rapakivi
akiv: rapakivi
apeo: rapeoil
salh: rasalhague
calr: rascalry
rasg: rasgado
koln: raskolnik
lnik: raskolnik
sasy: rassasy
toui: ratatouille
ihab: ratihabition
ratp: ratproof
tlej: rattlejack
etyb: rattletybang
aunp: raunpick
rauq: rauque
auwo: rauwolfia
uwol: rauwolfia
avei: raveinelike
velp: ravelproof
zeei: razeeing
azei: razeing
umof: razoumofskya
mofs: razoumofskya
fsky: razoumofskya
skya: razoumofskya
zmat: razzmatazz
rcpt: rcpt
rcvr: rcvr
reaa: reaal
eaal: reaal
ymad: readymade
eanv: reanvil
eanx: reanxiety
eapd: reapdole
pdol: reapdole
eask: reask
ebaw: rebawl
ebbr: rebbred
ebek: rebekah
belp: rebelproof
ebew: rebewail
uffp: rebuffproof
ukep: rebukeproof
recd: recd
iptm: receiptment
abln: receivablness
blne: receivablness
aimm: reclaimment
dsiz: recordsize
recp: recpt
ecpt: recpt
rvop: recurvopatent
vopa: recurvopatent
cusf: recusf
guto: redargutory
edcu: redcurrant
redj: redjacket
redk: redknees
edkn: redknees
dkne: redknees
ducc: reduccion
edug: redug
vioi: reduvioid
edux: redux
eduz: reduzate
duza: reduzate
uzat: reduzate
edwu: redwud
dwud: redwud
eesk: reesk
xiue: reflexiue
efom: refoment
efon: refont
matn: reformatness
refs: refs
regd: regd
oryr: regeneratoryregeneratress
ryre: regeneratoryregeneratress
yreg: regeneratoryregeneratress
ggae: reggae
gifu: regifuge
regt: regt
rehb: rehboc
ehbo: rehboc
hboc: rehboc
eheb: reheboth
ehyb: rehybridize
ehoi: rehoist
chsg: reichsgulden
hsgu: reichsgulden
hspf: reichspfennig
spfe: reichspfennig
hsth: reichsthaler
eyie: reyield
reyk: reykjavik
eykj: reykjavik
ykja: reykjavik
kjav: reykjavik
eimk: reimkennar
imke: reimkennar
mken: reimkennar
eisn: reisner
suem: reissuement
ejai: rejail
ejol: rejolt
rekh: rekhti
ekht: rekhti
relb: relbun
lbun: relbun
liia: reliiant
uair: reliquaire
uiae: reliquiae
shso: relishsome
ndte: rembrandtesque
miji: remijia
emua: remuable
muab: remuable
enky: renky
enss: rensselaerite
repk: repkie
pkie: repkie
tilf: reptilferous
puda: repudative
lsep: repulseproof
epum: repump
reqd: reqd
esaz: resazurin
sazu: resazurin
rvef: reserveful
esev: resever
resg: resgat
esga: resgat
diuu: residiuum
iuum: residiuum
duua: residuua
sinb: resinbush
nfia: resinfiable
vibl: resolvible
retd: retd
aict: retraict
reue: reuel
euel: reuel
eunf: reunfold
eunp: reunpack
evay: revay
evev: reveverberatory
veve: reveverberatory
revs: revs
vuet: revuette
vved: revved
ewad: rewade
ewav: rewave
rezb: rezbanyite
bdiu: rhabdium
mysa: rhabdomysarcoma
haeb: rhaebosis
gnop: rhegnopteri
rhib: rhibia
ymep: rhymeproof
ymew: rhymewise
obyo: rhinobyon
ynsb: rhynsburger
nsbu: rhynsburger
thml: rhythmless
hmle: rhythmless
thmp: rhythmproof
hmpr: rhythmproof
hytt: rhytta
izau: rhizautoicous
zaut: rhizautoicous
peae: rhizocarpeae
zodu: rhizodus
zomi: rhizomic
doda: rhododaphne
oead: rhoeadales
hoeo: rhoeo
benl: rhombenla
benp: rhombenporphyr
mboq: rhomboquadratic
mboz: rhombozoa
udeq: ribaudequin
bazu: ribazuba
azub: ribazuba
bbid: ribbidge
bonr: ribbonry
ribh: ribhus
ibhu: ribhus
bhus: ribhus
ibsk: ribskin
ibsp: ribspare
ribz: ribzuba
ibzu: ribzuba
bzub: ribzuba
cegr: ricegrass
ichf: richfield
gepl: ridgeplate
gidu: rigidulous
igsb: rigsby
gsby: rigsby
igsd: rigsdaler
gsda: rigsdaler
ryki: ryking
rikk: rikk
iksd: riksdaalder
ggoe: ringgoer
innc: rinncefada
nnce: rinncefada
iotp: riotproof
ipgu: ripgut
pgut: ripgut
ipua: ripuarian
puar: ripuarian
iskp: riskproof
skpr: riskproof
ssoa: rissoa
ryuk: ryukyu
yuky: ryukyu
ukyu: ryukyu
rixd: rixdaler
ixda: rixdaler
xdal: rixdaler
robh: robhah
obha: robhah
krib: rockribbed
couy: rocouyenne
rodh: rodham
rodk: rodknight
rodn: rodney
guez: rodriguez
rodw: rodwood
roey: roey
yetn: royetness
ojak: rojak
leje: rollejee
rolp: rolpens
omyk: romyko
myko: romyko
ompy: rompy
ronq: ronquil
rfia: ronsdorfian
ofme: roofmen
ofpo: roofpole
fpol: roofpole
ofwa: roofward
ofwi: roofwise
ooib: rooibok
oibo: rooibok
ibok: rooibok
rooy: rooyebok
oyeb: rooyebok
okus: rookus
omke: roomkeeper
mkee: roomkeeper
omsf: roomsful
lorz: roquellorz
saly: rosalyn
sbif: rosbif
otav: rotavist
rotp: rotproof
bouh: roubouh
ouer: rouerie
geau: rougeau
ugeb: rougeberry
ghom: roughometer
hscu: roughscuff
ghse: roughsetter
ghsl: roughslant
hstu: roughstuff
hwro: roughwrought
ougy: rougy
dhee: roundheel
eaua: rousseauan
roux: roux
wdyp: rowdyproof
wlei: rowleian
owty: rowty
rozu: rozum
ozum: rozum
rsvp: rsvp
baiy: rubaiyat
bbio: rubbio
ubib: rubible
ubyi: rubying
ubij: rubijervine
ubyw: rubywise
bywi: rubywise
hbah: ruchbah
rudb: rudbeckia
dbec: rudbeckia
dlof: rudloff
rudm: rudmasday
asda: rudmasday
ufig: rufigallic
fofe: rufoferruginous
ufop: rufopiceous
fopi: rufopiceous
uful: rufulous
ufus: rufus
ugby: rugby
gbie: rugbies
uggo: ruggown
ggow: ruggown
uinl: ruinlike
uinp: ruinproof
rukb: rukbat
rumc: rumchunder
mchu: rumchunder
rumk: rumkin
umsw: rumswizzle
mswi: rumswizzle
umty: rumtytoo
mtyt: rumtytoo
unby: runby
unew: runeword
runm: runman
runp: runproof
ussn: russniak
ssud: russud
styb: rustyback
rusw: ruswut
uswu: ruswut
swut: ruswut
saad: saad
saar: saarbrucken
aarb: saarbrucken
baot: sabaoth
aoth: sabaoth
thik: sabathikos
sabs: sabs
sabz: sabzi
abzi: sabzi
acbr: sacbrood
cbro: sacbrood
hulm: sacchulmin
ccod: saccoderm
hemd: sachemdom
kdou: sackdoudle
hbia: sadachbia
lsuu: sadalsuud
suud: sadalsuud
adaq: sadaqat
daqa: sadaqat
aqat: sadaqat
uciz: sadducize
sadw: sadware
saeb: saebeins
saei: saeima
aeim: saeima
saer: saernaite
aern: saernaite
afav: safavi
afaw: safawid
afeh: safehold
nyik: safranyik
ghav: saghavart
agow: sagoweer
gowe: sagoweer
sags: sags
sagv: sagvandite
agva: sagvandite
sagw: sagwire
gwir: sagwire
sahh: sahh
sahl: sahlite
sahm: sahme
sahr: sahras
ahuk: sahukar
saib: saibling
saif: saify
aify: saify
aigo: saigon
saii: saiid
ynay: saynay
ntpa: saintpaulia
tpau: saintpaulia
aiph: saiph
kieh: sakieh
kkoi: sakkoi
saku: sakulya
kuly: sakulya
aame: salaamed
aaml: salaamlike
mbao: salambao
salb: salband
salf: salfern
cyly: salicylyl
lsod: salsoda
ltbr: saltbrush
tfat: saltfat
altg: saltgrass
ltgr: saltgrass
ltpo: saltpond
ltwe: saltweed
alvy: salvy
lvos: salvos
lwey: salwey
salz: salzfelle
alzf: salzfelle
lzfe: salzfelle
bhog: sambhogakaya
meks: sameks
samf: samfoo
amgh: samgha
mgha: samgha
mhai: samhain
amhi: samhita
mhit: samhita
mizd: samizdat
zdat: samizdat
amkh: samkhya
mkhy: samkhya
yedi: samoyedic
mpsa: sampsaean
psae: sampsaean
msam: samsam
amsk: samskara
mska: samskara
amui: samuin
muin: samuin
samv: samvat
amva: samvat
mvat: samvat
cyit: sancyite
dcul: sandculture
ndgl: sandglass
dgob: sandgoby
ndyx: sandyx
dlap: sandlapper
dspu: sandspur
ngfr: sangfroid
gfro: sangfroid
ggau: sanggau
nghs: sanghs
gsue: sangsue
guiv: sanguivorous
jakb: sanjakbeg
kbeg: sanjakbeg
nkhy: sankhya
sanp: sanpoil
sanv: sanvitalia
sanz: sanzen
aosh: saoshyant
sapb: sapbush
apek: sapek
sapf: sapful
piao: sapiao
iuta: sapiutan
ppho: sappho
psku: sapskull
saqi: saqib
aqib: saqib
asmp: sarcasmproof
smpr: sarcasmproof
ctyu: sarcodictyum
rlyk: sarlyk
sarv: sarvarthasiddha
sarz: sarzan
sanq: sasanqua
saby: sassaby
ssyw: sassywood
satd: satd
sfic: satisfice
tlij: satlijk
lijk: satlijk
ttvi: sattvic
saub: sauba
sauf: sauf
aulg: saulge
umya: saumya
sauq: sauqui
aurl: saurless
auva: sauvagesia
uveg: sauvegarde
avss: savssat
vssa: savssat
waio: sawaiori
aior: sawaiori
awbw: sawbwa
wbwa: sawbwa
flom: sawflom
wlsh: sawlshot
wneb: sawneb
sawp: sawpit
wtee: sawteeth
wtoo: sawtooth
wway: sawway
axau: saxaul
xaul: saxaul
saxb: saxboard
saxc: saxcornet
axig: saxigenous
xond: saxondom
xonl: saxonly
saxp: saxpence
axpe: saxpence
axti: saxtie
cabw: scabwort
cags: scags
scai: scaife
caif: scaife
lplo: scalplock
lpru: scalprum
alpt: scalpture
arfw: scarfwise
letb: scarletberry
cawd: scawd
cawt: scawtite
sccl: scclera
cegg: scegger
tyrb: scelotyrbe
yrbe: scelotyrbe
celp: scelp
newr: scenewright
scew: scewing
scfh: scfh
scfm: scfm
haef: schaefferia
aeff: schaefferia
lmey: schalmey
hanz: schanz
havs: schavs
usik: scheltopusik
zoso: scherzoso
hynb: schynbald
ynba: schynbald
isml: schismless
smle: schismless
izax: schizaxon
zaxo: schizaxon
hizy: schizy
zorh: schizorhinal
hizt: schiztic
izti: schiztic
ztic: schiztic
mihl: schlemihl
hloo: schloop
alze: schmalzes
alzy: schmalzy
hmei: schmeiss
hneb: schnebelite
hnel: schnell
mlia: scholiumlia
urgk: schomburgkia
rgki: schomburgkia
gkia: schomburgkia
honf: schonfelsite
olcr: schoolcraft
renb: schorenbergite
rlom: schorlomite
houw: schouw
raub: schraubthaler
aubt: schraubthaler
htof: schtoff
huhe: schuhe
hwab: schwabacher
walb: schwalbea
zerk: schweizerkase
cyel: scyelite
iaru: scientiarum
cyld: scyld
iolt: sciolto
cypp: scypphi
cirp: scirpus
irpu: scirpus
orsb: scissorsbird
rsbi: scissorsbird
sorw: scissorwise
scok: scoke
ioky: scoliokyposis
opsf: scoopsful
couk: scouk
wlpr: scowlproof
hcat: scratchcat
rewf: screwfly
wpil: screwpile
ewpl: screwplate
wpod: screwpod
scrf: scrfchar
crfc: scrfchar
rfch: scrfchar
bboa: scrubboard
rubg: scrubgrass
sctd: sctd
ddaw: scuddawn
cudl: scudler
lpsi: sculpsit
lpte: sculpted
lpts: sculpts
rvyw: scurvyweed
cuzz: scuzzy
sdlc: sdlc
sdum: sdump
afig: seafighter
alyh: sealyham
easn: seasnail
awif: seawife
seax: seax
ebip: sebiparous
sebk: sebkha
ebkh: sebkha
secy: secy
secn: secno
secq: secque
sedj: sedjadeh
djad: sedjadeh
adeh: sedjadeh
seeb: seebeck
ecaw: seecawk
dlip: seedlip
seeg: seege
mlih: seemlihead
eerc: seercraft
tulp: seetulputty
ulpu: seetulputty
lput: seetulputty
seew: seewee
fekh: sefekhet
seft: sefton
sehy: sehyo
ehyo: sehyo
seyb: seybertite
seif: seif
iyuh: seiyuhonto
yuho: seiyuhonto
uhon: seiyuhonto
iyuk: seiyukai
seim: seimas
seiu: seiurus
seja: sejant
ejea: sejeant
ekhw: sekhwan
seko: sekos
ekos: sekos
omcy: seldomcy
tyse: selectivitysenescence
ctma: selectman
fadj: selfadjoint
lfci: selfcide
fcid: selfcide
lfef: selfeffacing
fhyp: selfhypnotization
fmov: selfmovement
fpre: selfpreservatory
lfse: selfseekingness
fsuf: selfsufficiency
fsus: selfsustainingly
lsov: selsoviet
ltzo: seltzogene
tzog: seltzogene
selz: selzogene
elzo: selzogene
lzog: selzogene
eiog: semeiography
melf: semelfactive
iacq: semiacquaintance
iadj: semiadjectively
miaf: semiaffectionate
iahm: semiahmoo
miax: semiaxis
ibay: semibay
ibej: semibejan
ibif: semibifid
iear: semiearly
mief: semieffigy
iegg: semiegg
mieq: semiequitant
miev: semievergreen
iexe: semiexecutive
ifai: semifailure
ifud: semifuddle
ifut: semifuturistic
igir: semigirder
ihib: semihibernation
iint: semiintoxicated
mije: semijealousy
ijea: semijealousy
ijub: semijubilee
iloy: semiloyalty
imaj: semimajor
ioss: semiosseous
irui: semiruin
isir: semisirque
sirq: semisirque
isix: semisixth
miup: semiupright
iupr: semiupright
iurb: semiurban
mivu: semivulcanized
iwoo: semiwoody
rjuv: semperjuvenescent
msem: semsem
naah: senaah
ctud: senectude
enij: senijextee
nije: senijextee
ijex: senijextee
jext: senijextee
senl: senlac
nouf: senoufo
itiy: sensibilitiy
nufo: senufo
senz: senza
eoul: seoul
sepd: sepd
sepg: sepg
sepn: sepn
ukus: seppukus
ptau: septaugintal
eptc: septcentenary
ptce: septcentenary
mvio: septemvious
eptf: septfoil
ptfo: septfoil
ptip: septipartite
eqed: seqed
eqen: seqence
qenc: seqence
seqf: seqfchk
eqfc: seqfchk
qfch: seqfchk
fchk: seqfchk
seqq: seqq
seqr: seqrch
eqrc: seqrch
qrch: seqrch
seqw: seqwl
eqwl: seqwl
erbd: serbdom
rbdo: serbdom
rfsh: serfship
usoy: sergedusoy
rgip: sergipe
ergt: sergt
ictt: serictteria
ctte: serictteria
iesw: serieswound
olud: serioludicrous
ntcl: serpentcleide
rpiv: serpivolant
rviu: servius
rwam: serwamby
esii: sesiidae
uiox: sesquioxide
setd: setdown
setp: setpfx
etpf: setpfx
tpfx: setpfx
ttec: settecento
ttsm: settsman
seug: seugh
sevr: sevres
sevu: sevum
sewl: sewless
xern: sexern
exfa: sexfarious
xfar: sexfarious
xfid: sexfid
sexh: sexhood
xhoo: sexhood
sexy: sexy
xipo: sexipolar
exlo: sexlocular
xloc: sexlocular
sexr: sexradiate
xtic: sextic
xtos: sextos
xtry: sextry
seze: sezession
zess: sezession
sfog: sfogato
haat: shaatnez
aatn: shaatnez
tnez: shaatnez
abeq: shabeque
abuo: shabuoth
buot: shabuoth
hadk: shadkan
dkan: shadkan
dufs: shadufs
fiit: shafiite
aftf: shaftfoot
hagp: shagpate
haig: shaigia
hayk: shaykh
aykh: shaykh
ikiy: shaikiyeh
kefo: shakefork
akoe: shakoes
akud: shakudo
akuh: shakuhachi
kuha: shakuhachi
uhac: shakuhachi
moys: shamoys
dyga: shandygaff
ygaf: shandygaff
haii: shanghaiing
tihs: shantihs
ntyt: shantytown
hapk: shapka
apka: shapka
ksuc: sharksucker
arpb: sharpbill
rpbi: sharpbill
pbil: sharpbill
rpsa: sharpsaw
rpst: sharpster
arpt: sharptail
hauw: shauwe
auwe: shauwe
wabt: shawabti
wlle: shawlless
wlwi: shawlwise
awms: shawms
neew: shawneewood
haww: shawwal
hedh: shedhand
hedm: shedman
hedw: shedwise
epcr: sheepcrook
epdi: sheepdip
pdip: sheepdip
epga: sheepgate
pkil: sheepkill
epno: sheepnose
epnu: sheepnut
pnut: sheepnut
epsp: sheepsplit
etfe: sheetfed
etwr: sheetwriting
shef: sheffield
getz: shegetz
ikhd: sheikhdom
khdo: sheikhdom
eiks: sheiks
ldap: sheldapple
elfb: shelfback
lffe: shelffellow
elfy: shelfy
fmat: shelfmate
lfpi: shelfpiece
fpie: shelfpiece
lpad: shellpad
emaa: shemaal
eogu: sheogue
erdd: shepherddom
erdh: shepherdhood
ppec: sheppeck
ppey: sheppey
epph: sheppherded
pphe: sheppherded
tzid: sherbetzide
ffcy: sheriffcy
ffci: sheriffcies
fcie: sheriffcies
iffd: sheriffdom
ffdo: sheriffdom
ffho: sheriffhood
rryv: sherryvallies
ryva: sherryvallies
ewbr: shewbread
shfs: shfsep
hfse: shfsep
fsep: shfsep
hiah: shiah
hyam: shyam
ydep: shydepoke
eldd: shielddrake
lddr: shielddrake
dmay: shieldmay
higi: shigionoth
shih: shih
ikii: shikii
kses: shikses
ngsw: shillingsworth
gswo: shillingsworth
lluh: shilluh
lluk: shilluk
imei: shimei
osek: shimonoseki
ntya: shintyan
ntiy: shintiyan
hinz: shinza
pfit: shipfitter
shyp: shypoo
ipsm: shipsmith
irtd: shirtdress
rtdr: shirtdress
rtfr: shirtfront
rtsl: shirtsleeve
irtt: shirttail
hirv: shirvan
voos: shivoos
hivs: shivs
hivz: shivzoku
ivzo: shivzoku
vzok: shivzoku
izok: shizoku
hkot: shkotzim
kotz: shkotzim
shku: shkupetar
hkup: shkupetar
kupe: shkupetar
mieh: shlemiehl
iehl: shlemiehl
hluh: shluh
shno: shnook
oaln: shoalness
oalw: shoalwise
kwav: shockwave
ddyd: shoddydom
ddyl: shoddylike
oebr: shoebrush
oecr: shoecraft
oefl: shoeflower
oesc: shoescraper
oesm: shoesmith
hoew: shoewoman
hjis: shohjis
hoyu: shoyu
ojis: shojis
hojo: shojo
pmai: shopmaid
pwif: shopwife
shoq: shoq
ortt: shorttail
hotw: shotweld
elno: shovelnose
wfol: showfolk
howj: showjumping
owju: showjumping
wjum: showjumping
howu: showup
howw: showworthy
shpt: shpt
hrev: shreveport
evep: shreveport
ewdy: shrewdy
wdis: shrewdish
ewmm: shrewmmice
wmmi: shrewmmice
wsbu: shrewsbury
ieky: shrieky
iekp: shriekproof
ekpr: shriekproof
ieks: shrieks
kerg: shrinkerg
shrr: shrrinkng
hrri: shrrinkng
nkng: shrrinkng
shtc: shtchee
shtg: shtg
htok: shtokavski
hubu: shubunkin
hudn: shudna
udna: shudna
huft: shufty
shuh: shuhali
huha: shuhali
hukr: shukria
kria: shukria
huku: shukulumbwe
mbwe: shukulumbwe
shuv: shuvra
hweb: shwebo
webo: shwebo
siaf: siafu
syag: syagush
siak: siak
siau: siauliai
sybi: sybil
byls: sibyls
yboe: syboes
ybow: sybow
sibu: sibucao
ucao: sibucao
ccim: siccimeter
syci: sycite
klil: sicklily
icsa: sicsac
csac: sicsac
sydd: syddir
sidh: sidhe
sidn: sidney
dnei: sydneian
sidt: sidth
syed: syed
iegf: siegfried
egfr: siegfried
gfri: siegfried
egmu: siegmund
ievy: sievy
ifak: sifaka
syft: syftn
yftn: syftn
sigg: sigger
htsa: sightsaw
gnma: signman
ignw: signwriter
gnwr: signwriter
sigu: sigurd
siha: sihasapa
siji: sijill
ijil: sijill
ikhr: sikhra
khra: sikhra
sikr: sikra
siks: siksika
iksi: siksika
ksik: siksika
silc: silcrete
silg: silgreen
ilyb: silybum
ybum: silybum
ceoc: siliceocalcareous
lkfl: silkflower
lphl: sylphlike
vanu: silvanus
lvex: silvex
mblu: simblum
bolr: symbolry
olry: symbolry
simc: simcon
imco: simcon
simk: simkin
ymmi: symmist
thiq: sympathique
seot: symphyseotomy
msim: simsim
ymta: symtab
mtom: symtomology
acmy: synacmy
ynad: synadelphite
xary: synaxary
axax: synaxaxaria
xaxa: synaxaxaria
yncs: syncs
ndyo: syndyoceras
dyoc: syndyoceras
hdoc: synechdochism
necp: synecphonesis
nemm: synemmenon
ynez: synezisis
zisi: synezisis
ngfo: singfo
gkam: singkamas
ngph: singpho
gpho: singpho
yngr: syngraph
gsin: singsing
inhs: sinhs
sinj: sinjer
nkiu: sinkiuse
kius: sinkiuse
oeke: synoekete
eket: synoekete
oeky: synoeky
synp: synpelmous
ynpe: synpelmous
sinp: sinproof
synr: synrhabdosome
ynrh: synrhabdosome
ynse: synsepalous
insr: sinsring
nuau: sinuauricular
uaur: sinuauricular
inuv: sinuventricular
nuve: sinuventricular
sinz: sinzer
syod: syodicon
ioua: siouan
ioux: sioux
ipib: sipibo
sipl: sipling
sirc: sircar
sirg: sirgang
siry: siryan
yrye: syryenian
irih: sirih
irmu: sirmuellera
rmue: sirmuellera
syrn: syrnium
irua: siruaballi
sysi: sysin
isyr: sisyrinchium
syso: sysout
mwid: systemwide
sitf: sitfast
tzba: sitzbath
zbat: sitzbath
syud: syud
syun: syun
iusi: siusi
iusl: siuslaw
sivv: sivvens
vven: sivvens
siwe: siwens
sixa: sixain
sixg: sixgun
ixgu: sixgun
xgun: sixgun
ixha: sixhaend
xhae: sixhaend
ixhy: sixhynde
xhyn: sixhynde
xmos: sixmos
ixsc: sixscore
xsco: sixscore
ixso: sixsome
xtes: sixtes
xthe: sixthet
xthl: sixthly
xths: sixths
xtyf: sixtyfold
ixto: sixtowns
xtow: sixtowns
izei: sizeine
sjaa: sjaak
jaak: sjaak
sjam: sjambok
sjou: sjouke
kaal: skaalpund
aamo: skaamoog
kags: skags
skay: skayles
aitb: skaitbird
skaw: skaw
keeb: skeeball
keeg: skeeg
ezic: skeezicks
zick: skeezicks
ezix: skeezix
skef: skef
keic: skeich
keif: skeif
keip: skeipp
eyti: skeyting
kelf: skelf
kelg: skelgoose
kemm: skemmel
eoug: skeough
skev: skevish
kewy: skewy
kews: skews
ewwh: skewwhiff
wwhi: skewwhiff
khia: skhian
kiat: skiatron
kybo: skyborne
ibsl: skibslast
bsla: skibslast
skic: skice
kice: skice
kyco: skycoach
kycr: skycraft
ddyc: skiddycock
dyco: skiddycock
kidi: skidi
ydov: skydove
kieg: skiegh
kyey: skyey
kieu: skieur
kift: skift
kyft: skyfte
yfte: skyfte
kyfu: skyful
kiis: skiis
kiop: skiophyte
kipb: skipbrain
kipd: skipdent
ipde: skipdent
pden: skipdent
kypi: skypipe
ypip: skypipe
kipk: skipkennel
pken: skipkennel
kypl: skyplast
kipm: skipman
kipt: skiptail
kipw: skipway
kyre: skyre
kyrg: skyrgaliard
yrga: skyrgaliard
rreh: skirreh
irwh: skirwhit
kysh: skyshine
kyst: skystone
kysw: skysweeper
skyt: skyte
itsw: skitswish
tybo: skittyboot
skyu: skyugle
kyug: skyugle
yugl: skyugle
kivy: skivy
ywav: skywave
kiwy: skiwy
ywro: skywrote
kogb: skogbolite
kopt: skoptsy
ptsy: skoptsy
eghs: skreeghs
skry: skryer
krye: skryer
krik: skrike
skru: skrupul
kuas: skuas
kulp: skulp
skup: skupshtina
psht: skupshtina
skur: skurry
skut: skutterudite
labw: slabwood
slae: slae
mpam: slampamp
gkop: slangkop
ngwh: slangwhang
gwha: slangwhang
pdab: slapdab
lavd: slavdom
avdo: slavdom
vdom: slavdom
ledf: sledful
eepr: sleepry
eetp: sleetproof
epez: slepez
slib: slibbersauce
slyb: slyboots
ddry: sliddry
slil: slily
gbal: slingball
nksk: slinkskin
lipg: slipgibbet
ipgi: slipgibbet
pgib: slipgibbet
lipm: slipman
lipn: slipnoose
hodn: slipshodness
slir: slirt
vitz: slivovitz
sliw: sliwer
oyds: sloyds
ojds: slojds
lopd: slopdash
oubb: sloubbie
owgo: slowgoing
wgoi: slowgoing
umdo: slumdom
mgul: slumgullion
umwa: slumward
slup: slup
lurv: slurvian
gdes: smaragdes
gdit: smaragdite
agds: smaragds
agdu: smaragdus
mnua: smectymnuan
mnuu: smectymnuus
nuus: smectymnuus
mift: smift
yrne: smyrnean
mytr: smytrie
keja: smokejack
keju: smokejumper
okys: smokyseeming
kyse: smokyseeming
othh: smoothhound
smrg: smrgs
mrgs: smrgs
smrr: smrrebrd
mrre: smrrebrd
ebrd: smrrebrd
smui: smuisty
fued: snafued
afui: snafuing
fuin: snafuing
nagb: snagbush
ssna: snailfishessnailflower
keol: snakeology
kesk: snakeskin
pbag: snapbag
napy: snapy
napj: snapjack
leyy: snarleyyow
eyyo: snarleyyow
yyow: snarleyyow
eyow: snarleyow
avvl: snavvle
vvle: snavvle
aksb: sneaksby
ksby: sneaksby
aksm: sneaksman
sneb: sneb
ezep: sneezeproof
zepr: sneezeproof
zewe: sneezeweed
snem: snemovna
movn: snemovna
ovna: snemovna
snya: snyaptic
nyap: snyaptic
yapt: snyaptic
nyed: snyed
ggor: sniggoringly
snyi: snying
ipeb: snipebill
pebi: snipebill
pesb: snipesbill
nipj: snipjack
nipn: snipnose
apsn: snipsnapsnorum
nivy: snivy
nodl: snodly
snoh: snohomish
snok: snoke
snol: snollygoster
snon: snonowas
noov: snoove
snop: snop
tfai: snoutfair
wbli: snowblink
wblo: snowblower
wcre: snowcreep
wfie: snowfield
nowk: snowk
owsc: snowscape
noww: snowworm
snoz: snozzle
bnos: snubnose
nubp: snubproof
snuc: snuck
uffk: snuffkin
nugs: snugs
nupp: snupper
nurp: snurp
snuz: snuzzle
oapy: soapy
sobf: sobful
sobp: sobproof
etye: societyese
ocii: socii
ioro: socioromantic
ocme: socmen
dacl: sodaclase
sodb: sodbuster
sodl: sodless
odok: sodoku
doku: sodoku
sods: sods
sodw: sodwork
soek: soekoe
oeko: soekoe
sofi: sofia
sofk: sofkee
ofke: sofkee
fkee: sofkee
ofok: sofoklis
fokl: sofoklis
ftas: softas
ftbr: softbrained
oftc: softcoal
ftco: softcoal
ftho: softhorn
ftta: softtack
oyas: soyas
soie: soiesette
soix: soixantine
oixa: soixantine
ojas: sojas
kotr: sokotri
danr: soldanrie
ierp: soldierproof
emnc: solemncholy
mnch: solemncholy
solg: solgel
lgel: solgel
loec: soloecophanes
zici: solonetzicity
lvaa: solvaated
vaat: solvaated
aate: solvaated
olvs: solvsbergite
lvsb: solvsbergite
vsbe: solvsbergite
omde: somdel
mdel: somdel
mdie: somdiel
omeh: somehow
ewhy: somewhy
omnu: somnus
pner: sompner
sonj: sonja
sonk: sonk
sooe: sooey
sooh: soohong
sooj: soojee
ooje: soojee
ojee: soojee
soom: soom
soop: sooper
oraw: soorawn
ooso: soosoo
osoo: soosoo
otyi: sootying
rdaw: sordawalite
sorv: sorva
sosq: sosquil
sotw: sotweed
ouag: souagga
ouea: soueak
ueef: soueef
souh: souhegan
uheg: souhegan
lsav: soulsaving
oulw: soulward
oulx: soulx
oulz: soulz
oupb: soupbone
ourj: sourjack
uthc: southcottian
hcot: southcottian
nirs: souvenirs
ouvl: souvlaki
uvla: souvlaki
vlak: souvlaki
souw: souwester
uwes: souwester
gnti: sovereignties
ietd: sovietdom
sovp: sovprene
ovpr: sovprene
vpre: sovprene
owlt: sowlth
wlth: sowlth
soxh: soxhlet
oxhl: soxhlet
xhle: soxhlet
sozl: sozly
ozly: sozly
ozol: sozolic
spaa: spaad
paad: spaad
paeb: spaebook
paec: spaecraft
paer: spaer
etzl: spaetzle
aewi: spaewife
aewr: spaewright
ghew: spanghew
rkpr: sparkproof
owci: sparrowcide
wcid: sparrowcide
rowg: sparrowgrass
hifl: spathiflorae
atlu: spatlum
patz: spatzle
atzl: spatzle
wnea: spawneater
ledb: speckledbill
ksio: specksioneer
ecsa: specsartine
cttr: specttra
edgu: speedgun
eelk: speelken
eisk: speiskobalt
skob: speiskobalt
pekb: spekboom
pekt: spekt
amto: speramtozoon
mtoz: speramtozoon
speu: speuchan
eroq: spheroquartic
inxl: sphinxlike
yrap: sphyrapicus
spyb: spyboat
icig: spicigerous
spyd: spydom
spye: spyer
pyer: spyer
spyf: spyfault
pyfa: spyfault
yfau: spyfault
spyh: spyhole
dlag: spindlage
spyp: spyproof
pypr: spyproof
ritd: spiritdom
itdo: spiritdom
ritw: spiritweed
spys: spyship
pysh: spyship
tkid: spitkid
spyt: spytower
itpo: spitpoison
itzf: spitzflute
tzfl: spitzflute
zflu: spitzflute
tzko: spitzkop
zkop: spitzkop
pive: spivery
pivs: spivs
leug: spleughan
itnu: splitnut
spoa: spoach
spoc: spock
spog: spogel
lfiv: spoilfive
lsmo: spoilsmonger
poom: spoom
neyn: spooneyness
hgef: sprachgefuhl
efuh: sprachgefuhl
fuhl: sprachgefuhl
echg: sprechgesang
hges: sprechgesang
reeu: spreeuw
eeuw: spreeuw
zatu: sprezzatura
rigt: sprigtail
ndge: sprindge
gfie: springfield
nggu: springgun
ngwu: springwurzel
gwur: springwurzel
rucy: sprucy
pudb: spudboy
pued: spued
spuf: spuffle
spuk: spuke
pulz: spulzie
pumy: spumy
punw: spunware
rgew: spurgewort
rluo: spurluous
sqrt: sqrt
uabs: squabs
uamy: squamy
moep: squamoepithelial
oimb: squamosoimbricated
uams: squamscot
msco: squamscot
uatn: squatness
uatw: squatwise
uawd: squawdom
uawm: squawmish
uawr: squawroot
uaws: squaws
uawt: squawtits
uaww: squawweed
quax: squaxon
uaxo: squaxon
egei: squeegeing
ueel: squeel
ezem: squeezeman
uegs: squegs
uibc: squibcrack
ibcr: squibcrack
uimm: squimmidge
irmy: squirmy
lsst: squirrelsstagnate
quoz: squoze
uoze: squoze
srac: srac
srav: sravaka
avak: sravaka
srik: srikanth
srir: sriram
sris: sris
srut: sruti
taab: staab
tabp: stabproof
abpr: stabproof
tabw: stabwort
kgar: stackgarth
dtha: stadthaus
fstr: staffstriker
gefr: stagefright
gewr: stagewright
tagf: stagflation
agfl: stagflation
gfla: stagflation
agsk: stagskin
tayb: staybolt
ynil: staynil
tayp: staypak
ypak: staypak
lkoe: stalkoes
ngke: stallingken
gken: stallingken
allk: stallkeeper
ammr: stammrel
mmre: stammrel
dbyb: standbybys
byby: standbybys
nzae: stanzaed
aplf: staplf
oobr: staroobriadtsi
adts: staroobriadtsi
dtsi: staroobriadtsi
rvea: starveacre
veac: starveacre
ateq: statequake
tatf: statfarad
ticp: staticproof
tohm: statohm
tuec: statuecraft
tatv: statvolt
atvo: statvolt
ropg: stauropgia
tavr: stavrite
stbd: stbd
stdd: stddmp
tddm: stddmp
ddmp: stddmp
teaa: steaakhouse
eaak: steaakhouse
aakh: steaakhouse
pygy: steatopygy
ygic: steatopygic
tedh: stedhorses
tedm: stedman
teea: steeadying
eead: steeadying
eyni: steyning
teka: stekan
temh: stemhead
emhe: stemhead
gahs: stengahs
noha: stenohaline
phru: stenotaphrum
pbai: stepbairn
pnep: stepnephew
epni: stepniece
pnie: stepniece
epwi: stepwise
ernc: sterncastle
rnfo: sternforemost
ernk: sternknee
rnkn: sternknee
rnna: sternna
rnox: sternoxiphoid
ernp: sternpost
okyr: stethokyrtograph
kyrt: stethokyrtograph
teub: steuben
tewy: stewy
yany: styany
ichc: stichcharia
ickj: stickjaw
tyed: styed
ffhe: stiffhearted
ifft: stifftail
tyfz: styfziekte
yfzi: styfziekte
fzie: styfziekte
gmai: stigmai
gmeo: stigmeology
gmes: stigmes
tyld: styldia
ylew: stylewort
ltbi: stiltbird
miei: stymieing
imyi: stimying
ymyi: stymying
gbul: stingbull
inkd: stinkdamp
nkda: stinkdamp
nkyf: stinkyfoot
kyfo: stinkyfoot
ofoa: styrofoam
rupw: stirrupwise
styt: stythe
styw: styward
stlg: stlg
toai: stoai
tobs: stobs
kbow: stockbow
kjud: stockjudging
todt: stodtone
odto: stodtone
tokv: stokvis
okvi: stokvis
tolk: stolkjaerre
olkj: stolkjaerre
lkja: stolkjaerre
kjae: stolkjaerre
jaer: stolkjaerre
olzi: stolzite
lzit: stolzite
aeud: stomodaeudaea
eumd: stomodeumdea
mdea: stomodeumdea
nesf: stonesfield
toof: stoof
oopg: stoopgallant
opbl: stopblock
pdic: stopdice
ppeu: stoppeur
rywr: storywriter
rksb: storksbill
rmbi: stormbird
rmco: stormcock
mcoc: stormcock
mwin: stormwind
ovai: stovaine
vebr: stovebrush
owps: stowps
towt: stowth
toww: stowwood
adld: stradld
htaw: straightaway
htla: straightlaced
htta: straighttail
ghtu: straightup
htup: straightup
aitj: straitjacket
asbu: strasburg
wfor: strawfork
awya: strawyard
wmot: strawmote
reah: streahte
eaht: streahte
msid: streamside
selk: streuselkuchen
lkuc: streuselkuchen
gcou: stringcourse
ngyb: stringybark
ripf: stripfilm
royg: stroygood
oygo: stroygood
omuh: stromuhr
muhr: stromuhr
gbra: strongbrained
gyls: strongyls
gpoi: strongpoint
bboy: stubboy
tubc: stubchen
uboy: stuboy
tubr: stubrunner
udys: studys
stue: stue
uffg: stuffgownsman
fgow: stuffgownsman
tulm: stulm
tioq: stultioquy
ltlo: stultloquent
tloq: stultloquent
tunp: stunpoll
upex: stupex
tuph: stuphe
suae: suaeda
suah: suaharo
badv: subadvocate
ubak: subakhmimic
lbid: subalbid
balp: subalpine
ubam: subamare
bcae: subcaecal
bcam: subcampanulate
bcep: subception
bchl: subchloride
nctt: subcincttoria
ctto: subcincttoria
vioa: subclavioaxillary
ioax: subclavioaxillary
vioj: subclaviojugular
ioju: subclaviojugular
bcov: subcover
bcry: subcrystalline
bcro: subcrossing
bded: subdeducible
bdet: subdeterminant
bdev: subdevil
bdil: subdilated
bdru: subdruid
ubdw: subdwarf
bdwa: subdwarf
benf: subenfeoff
ubev: subevergreen
bexa: subexaminer
bfeb: subfebrile
bfib: subfibrous
bfoc: subfocal
bgia: subgiant
bgit: subgit
bgle: subglenoid
bglu: subglumaceous
bgod: subgod
bgri: subgrin
bgul: subgular
bgum: subgum
ubgw: subgwely
bgwe: subgwely
bhas: subhastation
bhed: subhedral
bhep: subhepatic
bhex: subhexagonal
bhys: subhysteria
ubiy: subiya
ctdo: subjectdom
bjee: subjee
ubji: subjicible
bmac: submachine
bmam: submammary
bmee: submeeting
ubmy: submytilacea
bmyt: submytilacea
bmot: submotive
bmun: submundane
bmur: submuriate
bnac: subnacreous
bnan: subnanosecond
bnar: subnarcotic
bnec: subnect
bnex: subnex
bnud: subnude
bnuv: subnuvolar
nuvo: subnuvolar
uvol: subnuvolar
bpac: subpackage
bpag: subpagoda
bpav: subpavement
bpia: subpial
bpim: subpimp
bpis: subpiston
bpli: subplinth
bpod: subpodophyllous
bput: subputation
bsea: subsea
seci: subsecive
bsew: subsewer
bsex: subsextuple
bsic: subsicive
ubsm: subsmile
ubsn: subsneer
bsne: subsneer
bsov: subsovereign
bspl: subsplenial
ubsq: subsquadron
ubss: subssellia
bsse: subssellia
strs: substrstrata
trst: substrstrata
ysub: subsultorysubsultus
btax: subtaxer
btym: subtympanitic
btli: subtlist
btow: subtower
ubtw: subtwined
btwi: subtwined
ubuc: subucula
banh: suburbanhood
bvag: subvaginal
bvei: subvein
bvii: subvii
bvil: subvillain
bvis: subvisible
bwea: subwealthy
bwei: subweight
ubwi: subwink
bwin: subwink
ubze: subzero
bzer: subzero
ubzy: subzygomatic
bzyg: subzygomatic
cahs: succahs
cesf: succesful
corl: succorless
ccud: succudry
udry: succudry
ckau: suckauhock
kauh: suckauhock
auho: suckauhock
uhoc: suckauhock
sucl: suclat
sudr: sudra
dsed: sudsed
suec: suecism
sueg: suegee
suen: suent
suez: suez
sufe: sufeism
ufei: sufeism
ugih: sugih
sugs: sugsloot
ugsl: sugsloot
gslo: sugsloot
sugu: suguaro
uhua: suhuaro
suif: suiform
suik: suikerbosch
suim: suimate
suyo: suyog
uyog: suyog
uion: suiones
ivez: suivez
suji: suji
ukko: sukkoth
sulb: sulbasutra
lfag: sulfaguanidine
lylg: sulfanilylguanidine
fasu: sulfasuxidine
asux: sulfasuxidine
suxi: sulfasuxidine
uxid: sulfasuxidine
lfaz: sulfazide
foac: sulfoacid
fobi: sulfobismuthite
fobo: sulfoborite
foch: sulfochloride
lfof: sulfofication
fofi: sulfofication
lfog: sulfogermanate
fohy: sulfohydrate
fonm: sulfonmethane
foph: sulfophthalein
fose: sulfoselenide
lfow: sulfowolframic
fowo: sulfowolframic
hazo: sulphazotize
lphb: sulphbismuthite
phbi: sulphbismuthite
lphh: sulphhemoglobin
phhe: sulphhemoglobin
hhem: sulphhemoglobin
lphm: sulphmethemoglobin
phme: sulphmethemoglobin
hofy: sulphofy
ncya: sulphoncyanine
honm: sulphonmethane
honp: sulphonphthalein
npht: sulphonphthalein
hozi: sulphozincate
hurp: sulphurproof
sumn: sumner
unck: suncke
ndek: sundek
iesm: sundriesman
sunh: sunhat
nnud: sunnud
sunp: sunproof
sunq: sunquake
suov: suovetaurilia
upaw: supawn
ffiu: superaffiuence
fiue: superaffiuence
iuen: superaffiuence
rblu: superblunder
erbn: superbness
rbne: superbness
rdej: superdejection
rdir: superdirection
renr: superenrollment
rfeu: superfeudation
rhir: superhirudine
rnui: supernuity
rovu: superovulation
rreq: superrequirement
rtuc: supertuchun
rult: superultrafrostified
rvex: supervexation
supl: suplex
supo: suporvisory
porv: suporvisory
uppn: suppnea
ppne: suppnea
agov: supragovernmental
supu: supulchre
supv: supvr
upvr: supvr
rfab: surfable
surh: surhai
uriq: surique
uedr: surquedry
surw: surwan
sush: sushi
suso: susotoxin
susq: susquehanna
ueha: susquehanna
usuh: susuhunan
uhun: susuhunan
usui: susuidae
suum: suum
uwan: suwandi
suwe: suwe
suzy: suzy
suzu: suzuki
svab: svabite
svam: svamin
ntov: svantovit
rajs: svarajs
rlok: svarloka
svce: svce
svet: svetambara
svgs: svgs
svia: sviatonosite
ggir: swaggir
waim: swaimous
wamy: swamy
wanf: swanflower
rtzb: swartzbois
tzbo: swartzbois
zboi: swartzbois
swav: swaver
wedi: swedish
wedr: swedru
epbo: sweepboard
etcl: sweetclover
rtdo: sweetheartdom
eetk: sweetkins
welp: swelp
eptb: sweptback
ptba: sweptback
eptw: sweptwing
werd: swerd
swie: swietenia
wiet: swietenia
ltub: swilltub
wimy: swimy
gdev: swingdevil
ngkn: swingknife
gkni: swingknife
wipy: swipy
hgea: switchgear
chgi: switchgirl
swyt: swythe
wyth: swythe
zerl: switzerland
swiw: swiwet
wiwe: swiwet
swle: swleaves
woln: swoln
ordg: swordgrass
rdkn: swordknot
rdsl: swordslipper
ordt: swordtail
swos: swosh
wosh: swosh
oune: swouned
swow: swow
swur: swure
wure: swure
szai: szaibelyite
szek: szekler
zekl: szekler
szla: szlachta
szop: szopelka
aalb: taalbond
abeb: tabebuia
abue: tabued
hhyd: tachhydrite
yiat: tachyiatry
ysys: tachysystole
tacm: tacmahack
cmah: tacmahack
tacp: tacpoint
acpo: tacpoint
cpoi: tacpoint
cuac: tacuacine
tadb: tadbhava
adbh: tadbhava
dbha: tadbhava
djik: tadjik
aenn: taennin
ffyl: taffylike
fyli: taffylike
ffyw: taffywise
fywi: taffywise
tafw: tafwiz
fwiz: tafwiz
tagt: tagtail
werk: tagwerk
tahg: tahgook
hgoo: tahgook
tahk: tahkhana
ahkh: tahkhana
hkha: tahkhana
ahlt: tahltan
hlta: tahltan
taho: tahona
ahrs: tahrs
tahu: tahua
iaha: taiaha
tayg: taygeta
taih: taihoa
aiho: taihoa
ihoa: taihoa
ayir: tayir
ikih: taikih
lgun: tailgunner
ilze: tailzee
lzee: tailzee
aipo: taipo
ysaa: taysaam
saam: taysaam
ysmm: taysmm
taje: tajes
kayu: takayuki
ayuk: takayuki
keuc: takeuchi
khaa: takhaar
adjy: takhtadjy
akyr: takyr
takk: takkanah
tako: takosis
takr: takrouri
alaj: talaje
laje: talaje
lcke: talcked
lcky: talcky
lcki: talcking
epye: talepyet
lkfe: talkfest
kfes: talkfest
lkfu: talkful
yhoe: tallyhoed
yhoi: tallyhoing
lpet: talpetate
luhe: taluhet
uhet: taluhet
nowu: tamanowus
owus: tamanowus
taml: tamlung
nyiz: tammanyize
mpoy: tampoy
tamz: tamzine
mzin: tamzine
demw: tandemwise
neka: tanekaha
ipah: tangipahoa
nyoa: tanyoan
yoan: tanyoan
ankk: tankka
nkka: tankka
tanp: tanproof
aoiy: taoiya
oiya: taoiya
taoy: taoyin
aoyi: taoyin
taon: taonurus
aonu: taonurus
taos: taos
taot: taotai
aota: taotai
ayax: tapayaxin
pasv: tapasvi
asvi: tapasvi
phep: taphephobia
apij: tapijulapane
piju: tapijulapane
ijul: tapijulapane
ceop: tapinceophalism
pley: tapleyism
tapm: tapmost
apsm: tapsman
puyo: tapuyo
taql: taqlid
aqli: taqlid
qlid: taqlid
rafd: tarafdar
afda: tarafdar
fdar: tarafdar
areq: tareq
ffiz: tariffize
iqat: tariqat
keea: tarkeean
arlt: tarltonize
rlto: tarltonize
arnk: tarnkappe
rnka: tarnkappe
roks: taroks
ufia: tartufian
tasb: tasbih
asbi: tasbih
sbih: tasbih
hnag: tashnagist
skmi: taskmistress
tasl: taslet
tatb: tatbeb
tbeb: tatbeb
tatl: tatler
atmj: tatmjolk
tmjo: tatmjolk
mjol: tatmjolk
jolk: tatmjolk
tatp: tatpurusha
ooag: tattooage
uasu: tatuasu
ukir: tatukira
aulc: taulch
gthu: taungthu
ernr: tavernry
rnry: tavernry
tavg: tavghi
avgh: tavghi
vghi: tavghi
tavy: tavy
tavs: tavs
tawg: tawgi
awpy: tawpy
tawt: tawtie
axam: taxameter
xiab: taxiable
xiar: taxiarch
xiau: taxiauto
axib: taxibus
xidr: taxidriver
axyi: taxying
axip: taxiplane
xipl: taxiplane
axor: taxor
xpai: taxpaid
taze: tazeea
zeea: tazeea
tbsp: tbsp
tbss: tbssaraglot
bssa: tbssaraglot
tcaw: tcawi
kovs: tchaikovsky
irek: tcheirek
ontz: tchervontzi
hetn: tchetnitsi
etni: tchetnitsi
eaey: teaey
ttyk: teapottykin
teav: teave
hnip: techniphone
cnol: tecnology
tecp: tecpanec
cpan: tecpanec
ethb: teethbrush
tumw: teetotumwise
whaa: teewhaap
tegg: tegg
tegs: tegs
guex: teguexin
uexi: teguexin
egug: teguguria
huec: tehueco
teih: teihte
eiht: teihte
teil: teil
teio: teioid
eioi: teioid
teja: tejano
tejo: tejon
kedy: tekedye
teky: tekya
ekya: tekya
elak: telakucha
laku: telakucha
akuc: telakucha
lehy: telehydrobarometer
evox: televox
lurh: tellurhydric
loog: teloogoo
ogoo: teloogoo
skam: temiskaming
pehs: tempehs
pliz: templize
ptso: temptsome
mseb: temsebread
nisd: tennisdom
nuic: tenuicostate
nuio: tenuious
nazt: teponaztli
aztl: teponaztli
ztli: teponaztli
ermw: termwise
rorp: terrorproof
ruah: teruah
eruy: teruyuki
ruyu: teruyuki
ceog: testaceography
esuq: tesuque
suqu: tesuque
aamy: tetraamylose
ctys: tetractys
ahym: tetrahymena
aspg: tetraspgia
etrd: tetrdra
trdr: tetrdra
etrs: tetrsyllabical
trsy: tetrsyllabical
ttix: tettix
criu: teucrium
teuf: teufit
eufi: teufit
ufit: teufit
tewl: tewly
wtaw: tewtaw
texc: texcocan
texg: texguino
exgu: texguino
xgui: texguino
extm: textman
xtma: textman
xtui: textuist
zonc: tezcatzoncatl
ezcu: tezcucan
zcuc: tezcucan
ezke: tezkere
zker: tezkere
ezki: tezkirah
zkir: tezkirah
ddeu: thaddeus
akau: thamakau
nkyo: thankyou
kyou: thankyou
arfc: tharfcake
giny: tharginyah
spiu: thaspium
atll: thatll
thav: thave
heah: theah
baic: thebaic
eftb: theftbote
eftd: theftdom
eftp: theftproof
egnd: thegndom
gndo: thegndom
egnh: thegnhood
gnla: thegnland
egnw: thegnworthy
gnwo: thegnworthy
heya: theyaou
eyao: theyaou
eirn: theirn
heyv: theyve
eyve: theyve
ceaf: thenceafter
cefr: thencefrom
heoh: theohuman
eohu: theohuman
eokr: theokrasia
riai: theoriai
eowd: theowdom
moam: thermoammeter
moex: thermoexcitory
rmoj: thermojunction
moju: thermojunction
ojun: thermojunction
mosw: thermoswitch
hiab: thiabendazole
efcr: thiefcraft
fcra: thiefcraft
iefp: thiefproof
efpr: thiefproof
iefw: thiefwise
efwi: thiefwise
yiad: thyiad
acyn: thylacynus
ylak: thylakoid
ymeg: thymegol
ymey: thymey
ymoq: thymoquinone
hyms: thyms
gpar: thinkingpart
iogy: thiogycolic
ogyc: thiogycolic
gyco: thiogycolic
yrad: thyraden
eoad: thyreoadenitis
rstp: thirstproof
rtyt: thirtytwomo
tytw: thirtytwomo
ytwo: thirtytwomo
womo: thirtytwomo
hisw: thiswise
hitk: thitka
hixl: thixle
ngch: thlingchadinne
gcha: thlingchadinne
oftf: thoftfellow
ftfe: thoftfellow
oght: thoght
caor: thoracaorta
hbra: thoroughbrace
ghpa: thoroughpaced
ghpi: thoroughpin
ghsp: thoroughsped
hwax: thoroughwax
ortv: thortveitite
tvei: thortveitite
htki: thoughtkin
reip: threip
ymsa: thrymsa
boki: thrombokinase
ghco: throughcome
ughk: throughknow
ghkn: throughknow
hkno: throughknow
ghpu: throughput
hruo: thruout
uout: thruout
uthv: thruthvang
thva: thruthvang
hruv: thruv
thub: thuban
thuc: thucydidean
hucy: thucydidean
ucyd: thucydidean
hugd: thugdom
thui: thuidium
huid: thuidium
huyo: thuyopsis
uyop: thuyopsis
ujen: thujene
hujy: thujyl
ujyl: thujyl
huji: thujin
ujin: thujin
ujop: thujopsis
jops: thujopsis
hulr: thulr
mbbi: thumbbird
mbpi: thumbpiece
bpie: thumbpiece
huno: thunor
thuo: thuoc
huoc: thuoc
hurb: thurberia
husg: thusgate
usga: thusgate
husn: thusness
rtov: thwartover
iahu: tiahuanacan
tiao: tiao
tyau: tyauve
yauv: tyauve
ibey: tibey
ckea: tickeater
ckic: tickicide
ktoe: ticktacktoe
ydde: tydden
yddy: tyddyn
edyw: tiddledywinks
tyde: tydeus
ydeu: tydeus
ydie: tydie
idyt: tidytips
ytip: tidytips
tief: tiefenthal
tigg: tigger
htkn: tightknit
tigt: tigtag
tyig: tyigh
tykh: tykhana
ykha: tykhana
ikka: tikka
kkun: tikkun
tikl: tiklin
ikoo: tikoor
ilmu: tilmus
etrp: timetrp
usno: timorousnous
gtan: tingtang
shue: tinkershue
tynw: tynwald
ynwa: tynwald
tinz: tinzenite
tipb: tipburn
ypey: typey
tipf: tipful
hloh: typhlohepatitis
oaem: typhoaemia
hoeu: typhoeus
oeus: typhoeus
ypps: typps
typw: typw
ntcr: tyrantcraft
rhut: tirhutia
tirm: tirma
irrl: tirrlie
rrli: tirrlie
irrw: tirrwirr
rrwi: tirrwirr
rwir: tirrwirr
tirt: tirthankara
tirv: tirve
tirw: tirwit
tisw: tiswin
itfe: titfer
ngpe: tithingpenny
tmic: titmice
itmm: titmmice
tmmi: titmmice
tupy: tittupy
iwaz: tiwaz
zeur: tizeur
tizw: tizwin
izwi: tizwin
tjae: tjaele
jael: tjaele
tjen: tjenkal
tjos: tjosite
tjur: tjurunga
klui: tlakluit
tnpk: tnpk
ccof: tobaccofied
obik: tobikhar
obag: tocobaga
ocok: tocokinin
dlek: toddlekins
todl: todlowrie
toea: toea
toeb: toeboard
eboh: toernebohmite
fyme: toffymen
ftst: toftstead
ogaw: togawise
togt: togt
ohub: tohubohu
hubo: tohubohu
uboh: tohubohu
toyd: toydom
toyh: toyhouse
toyt: toytown
toiv: toivel
oive: toivel
tokh: tokharian
okod: tokodynamometer
tokt: toktokje
ktok: toktokje
tokj: toktokje
okje: toktokje
tolf: tolfraedic
ollk: tollkeeper
ltak: tolltaker
lual: tolualdehyde
luif: toluifera
uyls: toluyls
uols: toluols
oluq: toluquinaldine
luqu: toluquinaldine
usaf: tolusafranine
lzey: tolzey
mjoh: tomjohn
mjon: tomjon
tomk: tomkin
mmyb: tommybag
myba: tommybag
mmyc: tommycod
mrig: tomrig
mtat: tomtate
uepl: tongueplay
uone: tonitruone
tonj: tonjon
onnl: tonnland
onsb: tonsbergite
ooar: tooart
olsy: toolsy
olsl: toolslide
lsli: toolslide
olsm: toolsmith
thpo: toothpowder
hpow: toothpowder
pazf: topazfels
azfe: topazfels
pazy: topazy
pazo: topazolite
pcap: topcap
pchr: topchrome
opfi: topfilled
ophp: tophphi
opiw: topiwala
piwa: topiwala
ftic: toploftical
pmau: topmaul
opoa: topoalgia
opsl: topsl
opsp: topspin
opss: topssmelt
pssm: topssmelt
opsw: topswarm
orye: toryess
ryfy: toryfy
oryh: toryhillite
ryhi: toryhillite
yhil: toryhillite
rywe: toryweed
ronj: toronja
rsks: torsks
ssut: tossut
oaba: totoaba
totq: totquot
ttum: tottum
tuav: totuava
uchh: touchhole
oufi: toufic
oumn: toumnah
istp: touristproof
towg: towght
towy: towy
towk: towkay
wkay: towkay
wnsb: townsboy
wnsc: townscape
towz: towzie
oxap: toxaphene
toxc: toxcatl
xice: toxicemia
xiha: toxihaemia
ihae: toxihaemia
xihe: toxihemia
xota: toxotae
tpke: tpke
beae: trabeae
eaec: tracheaectasy
aect: tracheaectasy
heoe: tracheoesophageal
heof: tracheofissure
eopy: tracheopyosis
ngsc: trackingscout
ksui: tracksuit
desf: tradesfolk
devm: tradevman
evma: tradevman
vman: tradevman
ficw: trafficway
cway: trafficway
gicn: tragicness
hefe: tranchefer
anfd: tranfd
nsaq: transaquatic
nsax: transaxle
saxl: transaxle
lizm: transcendentalizm
sdiu: transdiurnal
nsfa: transfashion
nsfd: transfd
ansj: transjordanian
nsjo: transjordanian
sjor: transjordanian
smue: transmue
snih: transnihilation
spyl: transpyloric
srho: transrhodanian
nsst: transstellar
nssu: transsubjective
nsvo: transvolation
nswr: transwritten
anzs: tranzschelia
nzsc: tranzschelia
ezat: trapezate
ezif: trapeziform
ezio: trapeziometacarpal
ziom: trapeziometacarpal
asfo: trasformism
autv: trautvetteria
tvet: trautvetteria
awlb: trawlboat
wlbo: trawlboat
awln: trawlnet
wlne: trawlnet
adwh: treadwheel
easr: treasr
reey: treey
eeif: treeify
refg: trefgordd
efgo: trefgordd
fgor: trefgordd
ordd: trefgordd
rekb: trekboer
kboe: trekboer
reko: trekometer
rekp: trekpath
ekpa: trekpath
eksc: trekschuit
lisw: trelliswork
hmor: trenchmore
epak: trepak
iamc: triamcinolone
amci: triamcinolone
bady: tribady
besf: tribesfolk
iclc: triclclinia
acna: tridacna
duam: triduam
riee: trieennia
rieq: triequal
ifov: trifoveolate
ijun: trijunction
ikay: trikaya
rimt: trimtram
imtr: trimtram
ityh: trinityhood
ityt: trinitytide
tyti: trinitytide
oecs: trioecs
iolc: triolcous
ypaf: trypaflavine
pafl: trypaflavine
rsam: tryparsamide
pmad: tripmadam
ptyq: triptyque
tyqu: triptyque
ripw: tripwire
pwir: tripwire
ratn: triratna
ezas: tristezas
iceu: triticeum
mfet: triumfetta
viry: triumviry
iuns: triunsaturated
rivv: trivvet
vvet: trivvet
roez: troezenian
oeze: troezenian
oiad: troiades
ndhj: trondhjemite
dhje: trondhjemite
hjem: trondhjemite
pfow: troopfowl
phyw: trophywort
hywo: trophywort
picb: tropicbird
icbi: tropicbird
cbir: tropicbird
opoy: tropoyl
poyl: tropoyl
tcoz: trotcozy
hpli: trothplight
otsk: trotskyism
welb: trowelbeak
trps: trpset
uckd: truckdriver
ruei: trueing
ruep: truepenny
effk: tscheffkinite
ltad: tsiltaden
gtau: tsingtauite
taui: tsingtauite
tsot: tsotsi
kupi: tsukupin
umeb: tsumebite
tsut: tsutsutsi
uath: tuath
bbec: tubbeck
tubh: tubhunter
ubik: tubik
uboa: tuboabdominal
boab: tuboabdominal
tubt: tubtail
ubup: tubuphone
otuc: tucotuco
tucs: tucson
ucso: tucson
ucut: tucutucu
utuc: tucutucu
tueb: tuebor
tuei: tueiron
ufal: tufalike
ftaf: tuftaffeta
uftl: tuftlet
tugh: tughra
tugm: tugman
tuik: tuik
tuyu: tuyuneiri
uyun: tuyuneiri
tuke: tuke
tukr: tukra
tulb: tulbaghia
tulk: tulkepaia
lkep: tulkepaia
tumf: tumfie
umio: tumion
tuml: tumli
umtu: tumtum
mtum: tumtum
umup: tumupasa
mupa: tumupasa
agsl: tundagslatta
gsla: tundagslatta
tunf: tunful
tunh: tunhoof
tuny: tuny
tunm: tunmoot
unnl: tunnland
upek: tupek
uquo: tuquoque
quoq: tuquoque
uoqu: tuquoque
banw: turbanwise
rbeh: turbeh
boal: turboalternator
boex: turboexciter
bopu: turbopump
opum: turbopump
urfd: turfdom
urfw: turfwise
urji: turjite
rjit: turjite
urkd: turkdom
rkiz: turkize
rlup: turlupin
rnaw: turnaway
rndu: turndun
urng: turngate
ipwe: turnipweed
npok: turnpoke
urnr: turnrow
rnsc: turnscrew
urnv: turnverein
rnve: turnverein
iseb: turquoiseberry
ropd: turveydropdom
turw: turwar
usay: tusayan
skwi: tuskwise
sahs: tussahs
sehs: tussehs
tutb: tutball
tuth: tuth
oiem: tutoiement
tutn: tututni
tuwi: tuwi
tuza: tuza
tuzl: tuzla
uzla: tuzla
tuzz: tuzzle
twaf: twafauld
wafa: twafauld
twag: twagger
nkay: twankay
wazz: twazzy
weag: tweag
weeg: tweeg
twey: tweyfold
weyf: tweyfold
ftht: twelfthtide
lvef: twelvefold
yfou: twentyfourmo
twyb: twyblade
wybl: twyblade
wifa: twifallow
igso: twigsome
twyh: twyhynde
wyhy: twyhynde
yhyn: twyhynde
winh: twinhood
wirk: twirk
twyv: twyver
ixtb: twixtbrain
xtbr: twixtbrain
twod: twodecker
twoh: twohandedness
woha: twohandedness
woli: twoling
twon: twoness
wosc: twoscore
tzaa: tzaam
zaam: tzaam
tzap: tzapotec
zets: tzetse
tzis: tzitzis
tzol: tzolkin
zolk: tzolkin
zotz: tzotzil
tzur: tzuris
utuh: tzutuhil
tuhi: tzutuhil
ayeb: uayeb
uaup: uaupe
ubii: ubii
ucuu: ucuuba
cuub: ucuuba
uuba: ucuuba
euet: ueueteotl
eotl: ueueteotl
uhll: uhllo
hllo: uhllo
uhte: uhtensang
uhts: uhtsong
uhur: uhuru
uigh: uighur
ighu: uighur
intj: uintjie
ntji: uintjie
iyoe: ukiyoe
iyoy: ukiyoye
yoye: ukiyoye
lnad: ulnad
lnae: ulnae
lnom: ulnometacarpal
ulri: ulrichite
aedu: ultraeducationist
aenf: ultraenforcement
raev: ultraevangelical
aexp: ultraexpeditious
afeu: ultrafeudal
ahig: ultrahigh
alux: ultraluxurious
aorn: ultraornate
apru: ultraprudent
asev: ultrasevere
asue: ultrasuede
augl: ultraugly
aurg: ultraurgent
uluh: uluhi
umau: umaua
belw: umbelwort
bilr: umbilroot
umfa: umfaan
mfaa: umfaan
faan: umfaan
umga: umgang
iaqs: umiaqs
ummp: ummps
mmps: ummps
mouh: umouhile
ouhi: umouhile
umpq: umpqua
mpqu: umpqua
pqua: umpqua
ptek: umptekite
mquh: umquhile
quhi: umquhile
htig: unalachtigo
nasl: unasleep
naxl: unaxled
unaz: unazotized
nbay: unbay
nbej: unbejuggled
nbob: unbobbed
nboh: unbohemianize
ittn: unbrittness
ncaj: uncajoling
ncyp: uncypress
cleh: unclehood
hgre: uncompahgre
pyab: uncopyable
ncuf: uncuffed
elyl: undelylene
rbuo: underbuoy
rdau: underdauber
fong: underfong
rgao: undergaoler
rgna: undergnaw
adue: undergraduette
rgru: undergrub
rhew: underhew
rlye: underlye
rmim: undermimic
rpry: underpry
rpuk: underpuke
rsky: undersky
rveg: undervegetation
rwef: underweft
lgab: undivulgable
ndug: undug
nenh: unenhanced
nenk: unenkindled
nenw: unenwoven
nfaw: unfawning
nfew: unfew
unff: unffroze
nffr: unffroze
nfom: unfomented
nfop: unfoppish
goab: unforgoable
utuo: unfrutuosity
nguz: unguzzled
nhef: unhefted
nhex: unhex
nhig: unhigh
nhoc: unhocked
nhoe: unhoed
nhog: unhogged
nhot: unhot
nhue: unhued
nhug: unhugged
nhuz: unhuzzaed
nyac: unyachtsmanlike
ibiv: unibivalent
iemb: uniembryonate
nieq: uniequivalent
nink: uninked
ntrl: unintrlined
trli: unintrlined
nyol: unyolden
nirh: unirhyme
niwe: uniwear
njad: unjaded
njag: unjagged
njap: unjapanned
nkam: unkamed
nkep: unkept
nkic: unkicked
nkna: unknave
nlax: unlax
nlef: unleft
nlyc: unlycanthropize
nliz: unlizardlike
nlot: unlotted
unlt: unltraconservative
nltr: unltraconservative
nluf: unluffed
nmaz: unmaze
nmid: unmidwifed
nmop: unmopped
ewse: unnewsed
nnuz: unnuzzled
nobf: unobfuscated
noft: unoften
npam: unpampered
leln: unparallelness
npeb: unpebbled
npim: unpimpled
npiq: unpiqued
npoa: unpoached
biln: unpredictabilness
npry: unprying
npud: unpuddled
lsab: unrepulsable
nroi: unroiled
nrra: unrra
nrro: unrrove
nrug: unrugged
nshn: unshness
nsyr: unsyringed
okif: unsmokified
nsod: unsodden
nsot: unsotted
nswu: unswung
ftih: unthriftihood
iabn: untriabness
untt: unttrod
ntuf: untufted
ntug: untugged
nupd: unupdated
nvam: unvamped
nvat: unvatted
unvy: unvying
nvom: unvomited
nwaf: unwafted
nwef: unweft
nwem: unwemmed
nwep: unwept
nwim: unwimple
nwof: unwoful
nwot: unwotting
nwry: unwry
nwru: unwrung
nzep: unzephyrlike
upav: upavenue
pbay: upbay
pben: upbend
pbid: upbid
pbye: upbye
pbuy: upbuy
pbul: upbulging
pcau: upcaught
upci: upcity
pcit: upcity
pcol: upcolumn
pcry: upcry
pcus: upcushion
pdec: updeck
pdel: updelve
pdos: updos
pdov: updove
peyg: upeygan
eyga: upeygan
pfee: upfeed
pfie: upfield
pfle: upflee
pflu: upflung
upfr: upframe
pfra: upframe
pfur: upfurl
pgan: upgang
upge: upget
pget: upget
pgiv: upgive
pgle: upglean
pgli: upglide
pgor: upgorge
pgre: upgrew
pgul: upgully
pgus: upgush
uphh: uphhove
phho: uphhove
hhov: uphhove
upya: upyard
upyo: upyoke
pyok: upyoke
pisl: upisland
pjer: upjerk
upki: upkindle
pkne: upknell
pkni: upknit
upmi: upmix
pmix: upmix
pmov: upmove
uppb: uppbad
ppba: uppbad
pbad: uppbad
pplu: uppluck
powo: uppowoc
owoc: uppowoc
ppuf: uppuff
upqu: upquiver
pshu: upshut
upsk: upskip
upsm: upsmite
upsn: upsnatch
pspu: upspurt
upsr: upsring
psri: upsring
psun: upsun
psup: upsup
pswo: upswollen
pswu: upswung
ptub: uptube
ptuc: uptuck
upva: upvalley
pval: upvalley
upvo: upvomit
pvom: upvomit
pwax: upwax
pwen: upwent
pwit: upwith
pwou: upwound
pwra: upwrap
pwro: upwrought
roaz: uroazotometer
ursp: ursprache
urui: uruisg
uisg: uruisg
ukue: urukuena
kuen: urukuena
hiye: urushiye
btiu: ushabtiu
sneo: usneoid
ussr: ussr
rerl: usurerlike
urpm: usurpment
urpt: usurption
uucp: uucpnet
ucpn: uucpnet
cpne: uucpnet
uveo: uveous
uvve: uvver
uzba: uzbak
zbak: uzbak
zbeg: uzbeg
zbek: uzbek
aadi: vaadim
gmer: vaagmer
couf: vacouf
cuef: vacuefy
cuua: vacuua
uuma: vacuuma
uume: vacuumed
vady: vady
vafr: vafrous
vagb: vagbondia
agif: vagiform
vagn: vagnera
vayu: vayu
vaiv: vaivode
jras: vajrasana
kils: vakils
vakk: vakkaliga
kkal: vakkaliga
kyrs: valkyrs
valm: valmy
louw: valouwe
vamf: vamfont
mfon: vamfont
vamm: vammazsa
mmaz: vammazsa
mazs: vammazsa
azsa: vammazsa
vamu: vamure
vanb: vanbrace
vanf: vanfoss
vanj: vanjarrah
ntgu: vantguard
vanw: vanward
vapp: vappa
varg: vargueno
cuop: variocuopler
uopl: variocuopler
likt: varnpliktige
ikti: varnpliktige
hegy: vashegyite
egyi: vashegyite
gyit: vashegyite
vasq: vasquine
salr: vassalry
augn: vaugnerite
vaum: vaumure
ntmu: vauntmure
tmur: vauntmure
vauq: vauquelinite
vaur: vaurien
vaus: vaus
vavs: vavs
vawn: vawntie
awnt: vawntie
vaws: vaws
vedu: veduis
gecu: vegeculture
ehmg: vehmgericht
hmge: vehmgericht
mger: vehmgericht
ejov: vejovis
ejoz: vejoz
eldc: veldcraft
oens: veldschoens
skoe: veldskoen
dtsc: veldtschoen
dtsm: veldtsman
eltf: veltfare
vetb: velvetbreast
ezol: venezolano
oniv: venisonivorous
kise: venkisen
ntoy: ventoy
nusb: venusberg
usbe: venusberg
venv: venville
dahe: verandahed
rdoy: verdoy
rgob: vergobret
ligt: verligte
minp: verminproof
ulue: vermoulue
vece: vervecean
vesb: vesbite
vesk: veskit
spuc: vespucci
sicn: vessicnon
vesz: veszelyite
esze: veszelyite
szel: veszelyite
vetk: vetkousie
etko: vetkousie
tkou: vetkousie
veuv: veuve
vexf: vexful
exfu: vexful
viaj: viajaca
viam: viameter
vyas: vyase
vibg: vibgyor
ibgy: vibgyor
bgyo: vibgyor
gyor: vibgyor
ibix: vibix
roie: viceroies
icev: viceversally
timh: victimhood
timl: victimless
ualr: victualry
ddui: viddui
dduy: vidduy
vidh: vidhyanath
idhy: vidhyanath
vidr: vidry
duag: viduage
kleu: vierkleur
ietc: vietcong
ietm: vietminh
iewy: viewy
ieww: viewworthy
vifd: vifda
imoq: vigesimoquarto
vigg: viggle
vihu: vihuela
ijay: vijay
ijao: vijao
lagy: villagy
iaum: villiaumite
vima: vimana
vimf: vimful
vimp: vimpa
vims: vims
vinb: vinblastine
cenz: vincenzo
gtun: vingtun
vinh: vinhatico
vinl: vinland
vinq: vinquish
olaq: violaquercitrin
vipr: vipresident
vips: vips
viqu: viqueen
virb: virbius
vyrn: vyrnwy
yrnw: vyrnwy
rnwy: vyrnwy
tuef: virtuefy
tuep: virtueproof
hnuv: vishnuvite
suoa: visuoauditory
uoau: visuoauditory
suok: visuokinesthetic
uoki: visuokinesthetic
suop: visuopsychic
vith: vithayasai
myte: vitremyte
viuv: viuva
iuva: viuva
ivax: vivax
vivd: vivda
ivda: vivda
iveu: viveur
vicr: vivicremation
xens: vixens
vizn: viznomy
izno: viznomy
znom: viznomy
vizz: vizzy
vlac: vlach
vlei: vlei
vlsi: vlsi
vmin: vmintegral
vmsi: vmsize
voar: voar
dkas: vodkas
oetg: voetganger
tsak: voetsak
tsek: voetsek
vogi: vogie
vogt: vogt
volg: volga
volh: volhynite
olhy: volhynite
lhyn: volhynite
lksr: volksraad
ksra: volksraad
upty: volupty
lusp: voluspa
vull: volvullus
vomb: vombatid
mitw: vomitwort
vomt: vomtoria
mtor: vomtoria
orhu: voorhuis
dreo: vorondreo
vorp: vorpal
vosg: vosgian
osgi: vosgian
voty: votyak
oulg: voulge
vowl: vowless
vrba: vrbaite
vrid: vriddhi
ouws: vrouws
vugs: vugs
vvll: vvll
waac: waac
waag: waag
waap: waapa
aapa: waapa
waas: waasi
wabr: wabron
wace: wace
waco: waco
wadc: wadcutter
adcu: wadcutter
wadg: wadge
wady: wady
wadl: wadlike
wadn: wadna
waeg: waeg
waer: waer
afdi: wafdist
fdis: wafdist
affn: waffness
wafl: waflib
wagh: wagh
wagu: waguha
aguh: waguha
ahah: wahahe
wahe: wahehe
aheh: wahehe
wahh: wahhabi
ahha: wahhabi
hhab: wahhabi
hpek: wahpekute
peku: wahpekute
hpet: wahpeton
wahw: wahwah
waia: waiata
aifi: waifing
ygat: waygate
waig: waiguli
wayh: wayhouse
aiil: waiilatpuan
iila: waiilatpuan
latp: waiilatpuan
tpua: waiilatpuan
aikl: waikly
aikn: waikness
ikne: waikness
waip: waipiro
wayp: waypost
aysl: waysliding
aiwo: waiwode
iwod: waiwode
wayz: wayzgoose
ayzg: wayzgoose
yzgo: wayzgoose
zgoo: wayzgoose
waja: wajang
wakf: wakf
wakh: wakhi
waky: waky
akif: wakif
akiz: wakizashi
zash: wakizashi
wakk: wakken
wakw: wakwafi
kwaf: wakwafi
wafi: wakwafi
ldgl: waldglas
dmei: waldmeister
walh: walhalla
lhic: wallhick
alll: wallless
alsp: walspere
ltzl: waltzlike
tzli: waltzlike
wama: wamara
bugu: wambugu
wamf: wamfle
mmik: wammikin
noag: wampanoag
pums: wampums
rjah: wanderjahr
jahr: wanderjahr
yaky: wanyakyusa
akyu: wanyakyusa
kyus: wanyakyusa
ppat: wappato
moow: warkamoowee
oowe: warkamoowee
rklu: warklume
rmbl: warmblooded
armm: warmmess
mths: warmths
mups: warmups
waro: warori
rryn: warryn
iorw: warriorwise
rrty: warrty
rtfl: wartflower
rtyb: wartyback
rtpr: wartproof
wasc: wasco
shdi: washdish
wasi: wasir
aspn: waspnesting
telb: wastelbread
wasu: wasukuma
wasw: waswahili
hfre: watchfree
watf: watfiv
tfiv: watfiv
ttse: wattsecond
tsec: wattsecond
waum: waumle
waup: waup
wauv: wauve
wavy: wavy
wask: wawaskeesh
waxa: waxand
waxf: waxflower
axfl: waxflower
xflo: waxflower
xhaw: waxhaw
waxy: waxy
waxl: waxlike
akbr: weakbrained
eakm: weakmouthed
ponp: weaponproof
elsn: weaselsnout
lsno: weaselsnout
ebey: webeye
bfed: webfed
ebwh: webwheel
bwhe: webwheel
wecc: wecche
weda: wedana
elns: wedelns
wedf: wedfee
edgw: wedgwood
dgwo: wedgwood
dkil: weedkiller
eklo: weeklong
eekw: weekwam
ekwa: weekwam
lfau: weelfaured
ewaw: weewaw
weei: weeweeing
ewow: weewow
wege: wegenerian
wehe: wehee
wehn: wehner
ehrl: wehrlite
hrli: wehrlite
weib: weibyeite
eiby: weibyeite
ibye: weibyeite
byei: weibyeite
weic: weichselwood
weie: weierstrassian
hbau: weighbauk
htom: weightometer
weim: weimaraner
weym: weymouth
einm: weinmannia
henk: weinschenkite
weys: weys
eisb: weisbachite
chtw: weissnichtwo
weja: wejack
weke: wekeen
weki: weki
llch: wellchosen
ldec: welldecked
llkn: wellknown
lkno: wellknown
lnig: wellnigh
ellq: wellqueme
llqu: wellqueme
llre: wellread
lshn: welshness
lshr: welshry
merz: weltschmerz
weml: wemless
wemo: wemodness
modn: wemodness
wenr: wenrohronon
nroh: wenrohronon
rohr: wenrohronon
wenz: wenzel
ehye: werehyena
ejag: werejaguar
tnor: westnorthwestwardly
weta: weta
wetp: wetproof
wetu: wetumpka
mpka: wetumpka
wewe: wewenoc
weze: wezen
wezn: wezn
whab: whabby
whad: whaddie
whaf: whafabout
afab: whafabout
fabo: whafabout
lesu: whalesucker
rfhe: wharfhead
fhol: wharfholder
fmas: wharfmaster
rfsi: wharfside
atev: whatever
hatz: whatzit
whed: whedder
yeyn: wheyeyness
yisn: wheyisness
heys: wheys
elky: whelky
elkl: whelklike
emml: whemmle
ceee: whenceeer
eeer: whenceeer
whes: whesten
hsoe: whichsoever
whye: whyever
hyev: whyever
whyf: whyfor
hyfo: whyfor
ggam: whiggamore
whik: whikerby
ilku: whilkut
lkut: whilkut
whyn: whyness
whyo: whyo
ipbi: whipbird
hipg: whipgraft
hipj: whipjack
iptr: whiptree
rlbl: whirlblast
rlbo: whirlbone
rlbr: whirlbrain
irlg: whirlgig
rlgi: whirlgig
lgig: whirlgig
rlyg: whirlygigum
lygi: whirlygigum
irlm: whirlmagee
rlpu: whirlpuff
lpuf: whirlpuff
lwig: whirlwig
whys: whys
iskb: whiskbroom
skbr: whiskbroom
kyfi: whiskyfied
hitb: whitblow
itbl: whitblow
hitw: whitworth
hizg: whizgig
izzb: whizzbang
whoa: whoa
whoe: whoever
hoev: whoever
msoe: whomsoever
whon: whone
orlf: whorlflower
rlfl: whorlflower
mdev: whosumdever
whse: whse
whsl: whsle
hsle: whsle
whud: whud
whup: whup
whuz: whuz
wibb: wibble
wicc: wicca
chtj: wichtje
htje: wichtje
yups: wickyups
widb: widbin
ddri: widdrim
wyde: wyde
widi: widish
widu: widu
wyes: wyes
wyet: wyethia
ifei: wifeism
ifek: wifekin
felk: wifelkin
feth: wifething
fiek: wifiekie
wigd: wigdom
wigt: wigtail
wams: wigwams
wiik: wiikite
iiki: wiikite
wiyo: wiyot
wiks: wikstroemia
ikst: wikstroemia
lcox: wilcoxon
ilcw: wilcweme
lcwe: wilcweme
cwem: wilcweme
weme: wilcweme
ildg: wildgrave
ildt: wildtype
ldty: wildtype
ilyc: wilycoat
lkei: wilkeite
ewau: williewaucht
waus: williwaus
wbit: willowbiter
lpow: willpower
gbae: willugbaeya
baey: willugbaeya
aeya: willugbaeya
wilm: wilmer
wiln: wilning
lron: wilrone
iltp: wiltproof
wime: wime
wimi: wimick
wiml: wimlunge
imlu: wimlunge
wymo: wymote
ceye: winceyette
dbib: windbibber
dbro: windbroach
nddo: winddog
ddog: winddog
dhov: windhover
wpee: windowpeeper
dsco: windscoop
indt: windtight
dtig: windtight
indz: windz
wyne: wyne
emay: winemay
gcut: wingcut
gtip: wingtip
nifr: winifred
wynk: wynkernel
ynke: wynkernel
ipeg: winnipeg
sauk: winnipesaukee
ynns: wynns
wynr: wynris
ynri: wynris
rdyk: winterdykes
wype: wype
wirb: wirble
wiry: wiry
wyro: wyrock
hmay: wishmay
hosk: wishoskan
wyso: wyson
wyss: wyss
wyst: wysty
wisu: wisure
wita: witan
witb: witbooi
itcr: witcraft
witf: witful
hbeg: withbeg
hdaw: withdaw
thhi: withhie
hhie: withhie
thyw: withywind
hywi: withywind
hnay: withnay
hnim: withnim
hsav: withsave
hspa: withspar
hvin: withvine
witi: witing
wyti: wyting
witj: witjar
tlos: witlosen
witm: witmonger
wito: witoto
tsaf: witsafe
tteb: witteboom
witu: witumki
tumk: witumki
tzch: witzchoura
zcho: witzchoura
wizi: wizier
wlec: wlecche
lecc: wlecche
wlen: wlench
wlok: wloka
wlon: wlonkhede
woak: woak
woan: woan
bbeg: wobbegong
woca: wocas
wodd: woddie
leie: wodeleie
oefa: woefare
woeh: woehlerite
oehl: woehlerite
woev: woevine
oevi: woevine
woew: woeworn
woft: woft
wogh: woghness
wogi: wogiet
ohle: wohlerite
woya: woyaway
oyaw: woyaway
woib: woibe
oibe: woibe
woid: woidre
woil: woilie
woka: wokas
woko: wokowi
woks: woks
fach: wolfachite
fban: wolfbane
lfga: wolfgang
olfk: wolfkin
fsbe: wolfsbergite
wolo: wolof
wolt: wolter
lveb: wolveboon
gshy: wongshy
ngsk: wongsky
gsky: wongsky
wons: wons
wooa: wooable
ooab: wooable
dgru: woodgrub
oodj: woodjobber
odjo: woodjobber
djob: woodjobber
dkna: woodknacker
odsc: woodscrew
dwos: woodwose
wose: woodwose
odwr: woodwright
wooh: woohoo
lsow: woolsower
lwas: woolwasher
olwh: woolwheel
lwic: woolwich
woot: wootz
ootz: wootz
worb: worble
rdbu: wordbuilding
dbui: wordbuilding
dhoa: wordhoard
rdpe: wordperfect
dper: wordperfect
rkaw: workaway
kbas: workbasket
rkbr: workbrittle
rkfe: workfellow
orkg: workgirl
rkgi: workgirl
kgir: workgirl
gwon: workingwonan
wona: workingwonan
rkmi: workmistress
rkpa: workpan
kpeo: workpeople
rkti: worktime
rlda: worldaught
ldau: worldaught
rlde: worlded
rldf: worldful
rldy: worldy
rldi: worldish
rldp: worldproof
rldq: worldquake
ldqu: worldquake
rlds: worlds
rmca: wormcast
mcas: wormcast
ormg: wormgear
rmge: wormgear
mgea: wormgear
rmsh: wormship
rmwe: wormweed
orss: worssett
rsse: worssett
wosb: wosbird
wosi: wosith
wote: wote
wotl: wotlink
woub: woubit
wouc: wouch
wouf: wouf
wouh: wouhleche
ouhl: wouhleche
wovo: wovoka
wowt: wowt
woww: wowwows
wraf: wraf
wrak: wraker
wram: wramp
wryb: wrybill
wrib: wrible
wrid: wride
wrih: wrihte
riht: wrihte
wryi: wrying
wryl: wryly
wrim: wrimple
stdr: wristdrop
wryt: wrytail
ritp: writproof
wriv: wrive
wrix: wrixle
rixl: wrixle
wriz: wrizzled
wrnt: wrnt
wroc: wrocht
wros: wrossle
wrox: wrox
wuch: wuchereria
wudd: wuddie
wudg: wudge
wudu: wudu
wuff: wuff
wuld: wulder
wulk: wulk
wumb: wumble
wuns: wunsome
wunt: wuntee
urzb: wurzburger
wush: wush
wusp: wusp
wust: wust
wuzu: wuzu
hoxe: xanthoxenite
xarq: xarque
xave: xaverian
xctl: xctl
icak: xicak
yloy: xyloyl
xinc: xinca
phih: xiphihumeralis
phuo: xiphuous
huou: xiphuous
xira: xiraxara
irax: xiraxara
xray: xray
xref: xref
xxiv: xxiv
zabr: zabra
btie: zabtie
zabu: zaburro
zack: zack
zaft: zaftig
zaga: zagaie
zagl: zaglossus
zagu: zaguan
zaya: zayat
zait: zaitha
zakk: zakkeu
kkeu: zakkeu
zakl: zaklohpakap
aklo: zaklohpakap
kloh: zaklohpakap
lohp: zaklohpakap
ohpa: zaklohpakap
hpak: zaklohpakap
zamp: zampogna
mpog: zampogna
zano: zanonia
zaps: zaps
zaqq: zaqqum
aqqu: zaqqum
qqum: zaqqum
zaqu: zaque
zarp: zarp
zatt: zattare
zaur: zaurak
zaus: zauschneria
zavi: zavijava
ijav: zavijava
zaxe: zaxes
zeax: zeaxanthin
eaxa: zeaxanthin
zeds: zeds
zeek: zeekoe
zeel: zeelander
zegu: zeguha
eguh: zeguha
zehn: zehner
zeid: zeidae
zeil: zeilanite
eitg: zeitgeist
itge: zeitgeist
tgei: zeitgeist
zeke: zeke
zeks: zeks
zelt: zeltinger
miis: zemiism
mimd: zemimdari
zemm: zemmi
zemn: zemni
zenu: zenu
zenz: zenzuic
enzu: zenzuic
nzui: zenzuic
zuic: zenzuic
zeoi: zeoidei
zeos: zeoscope
zequ: zequin
zerd: zerda
zeru: zerumbet
eugi: zeugite
zeun: zeunerite
zeus: zeus
zhmu: zhmud
ziam: ziamet
zicz: ziczac
icza: ziczac
czac: ziczac
isik: zietrisikite
gank: ziganka
ygit: zygite
ygoc: zygocactus
ygol: zygolabialis
ygoz: zygozoospore
gozo: zygozoospore
zigs: zigs
ziha: zihar
lchv: zilchviticetum
hvit: zilchviticetum
zilp: zilpah
zima: zimarra
babw: zimbabwe
zimo: zimocca
ncky: zincky
ndiq: zindiq
zinf: zinfandel
kife: zinkiferous
innw: zinnwaldite
nnwa: zinnwaldite
nzar: zinzar
zipl: zipless
zirb: zirbanit
rcof: zircofluoride
zyre: zyrenian
zyri: zyrian
zyry: zyryan
yrya: zyryan
zits: zits
zize: zizel
zizy: zizyphus
izyp: zizyphus
zyph: zizyphus
zyzo: zyzomys
yvas: zyzzyvas
yzzo: zyzzogeton
zmud: zmudz
mudz: zmudz
zoae: zoaea
oaea: zoaea
zobo: zobo
zobt: zobtenite
oeaf: zoeaform
zoef: zoeform
oefo: zoeform
zoft: zoftig
ohak: zohak
zoko: zokor
llpf: zollpfund
ollv: zollverein
llve: zollverein
zond: zonda
zong: zongora
zonk: zonked
zonn: zonnar
ooce: zoocecidium
oofu: zoofulvin
oonu: zoonule
oopr: zoopraxiscope
xisc: zoopraxiscope
ospg: zoospgia
zooz: zoozoo
zorg: zorgite
zort: zortzico
zico: zortzico
zosm: zosma
zowi: zowie
zube: zubeneschamali
zubr: zubr
zudd: zudda
zuff: zuffolo
zufo: zufolo
zugz: zugzwang
ugzw: zugzwang
gzwa: zugzwang
zuis: zuisin
zulh: zulhijjah
ulhi: zulhijjah
lhij: zulhijjah
hijj: zulhijjah
jjah: zulhijjah
zulk: zulkadah
ulud: zuludom
ului: zuluize
luiz: zuluize
zuny: zunyite
zupa: zupanate
zurl: zurlite
utug: zutugil
tugi: zutugil
zuur: zuurveldt
uurv: zuurveldt
